20241212 Burn2 Planning Meeting
Thursday 12 December 2024
Deep Hole

ATTENDING:
iSkye Silvercloud
freia
XiledSol
Gin
Candace
Huntress Catteneo
Dr. Dave
Cuga Rajal
Lily von Magic
Jeff Olhoeft
Miranda
Zoren Manray

[2024/12/12 21:07]  XiledSol: Looks like most of us are here, let's begin
[2024/12/12 21:07]  XiledSol Resident: GROUND RULES FOR BURN2 MEETINGS
[2024/12/12 21:07]  XiledSol Resident: • Participation in Burn2 is entirely voluntary. Please consider carefully if you want to participate and follow the 10 Principles.
[2024/12/12 21:07]  XiledSol Resident: • All of us, Burners and Leads, have a right to expect respectful dialogue and discussion at meetings in accordance with our CoE. 
[2024/12/12 21:07]  XiledSol Resident: 1. We follow an agenda at each meeting.
[2024/12/12 21:07]  XiledSol Resident: Prior to meetings we can add agenda items to the spreadsheet found at: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bNQvuCdSkJe_stP6fEkXxGP4O6f74BB3cELyVqFykNo/edit?usp=sharing
[2024/12/12 21:07]  XiledSol Resident: Just find the tab at the bottom for the current month & day of week.
[2024/12/12 21:07]  XiledSol Resident: If available, a link to the notes from the previous week's meeting can be found in the first column of that sheet.
[2024/12/12 21:07]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): ahoy Dave
[2024/12/12 21:07]  XiledSol Resident: At the beginning of each meeting, there will be opportunity to add anything that needs to be discussed, to the agenda.
[2024/12/12 21:07]  XiledSol Resident: Once we agree to start the meeting, NO MORE ITEMS should be added to the agenda for the current meeting.
[2024/12/12 21:07]  XiledSol Resident: 2. We take turns. 
[2024/12/12 21:07]  XiledSol Resident: Meetings are conducted in text.
[2024/12/12 21:07]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): howdy Dave
[2024/12/12 21:07]  XiledSol Resident: NOTE: local chat is recorded by notetakers at meetings, and is often shared between Burn2 leads for informational purposes. 
[2024/12/12 21:07]  XiledSol Resident: If you wish, you can IM the notetaker and ask for your name to be redacted from your comments on meeting notes.
[2024/12/12 21:07]  XiledSol Resident: Topic discussions can flow freely, but if chat gets too fast or heated, the moderator for the meeting may ask that we slow down. 
[2024/12/12 21:07]  Dr. Dave (ThomasRaowulf): Hi there
[2024/12/12 21:07]  XiledSol Resident: 3. We ask everyone to please do this: 
[2024/12/12 21:07]  XiledSol Resident:     a. Use COMMENT or QUESTION in local chat when you would like to say something or ask a question. The meeting chair will watch for those and try to call on you when it's your turn to make a comment or ask a question.
[2024/12/12 21:07]  XiledSol Resident:     b. Please wait to be called on so everyone gets a turn.
[2024/12/12 21:08]  XiledSol Resident: PLEASE be respectful and considerate of your fellow Burners.
[2024/12/12 21:08]  XiledSol Resident: Insulting or inflammatory language is not part of the Ten Principles!
[2024/12/12 21:08]  XiledSol Resident: We have important things to talk about and decide, and limited time to do it.
[2024/12/12 21:08]  XiledSol Resident: THANK YOU for helping to have GREAT meetings!
[2024/12/12 21:08]  XiledSol: 3 items on the agenda tonight.
 Winter Burn Updates
 Meetings - cancel 26 and 29 December?
 NYE Burn - call for performers
[2024/12/12 21:08]  XiledSol: Does anyone have an item to add before we begin?
[2024/12/12 21:08]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): I'd like to add an item - BMOrg Year End Reports
[2024/12/12 21:09]  XiledSol: Ok Jeff.
[2024/12/12 21:09]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): Add quick Bylaws Status report too please
[2024/12/12 21:09]  XiledSol: We'll place that third
[2024/12/12 21:09]  XiledSol: Ok, Miranda, you will go 4th.
[2024/12/12 21:09]  XiledSol: First item, who has that?
[2024/12/12 21:10]  XiledSol: Any updates from the various departments?
[2024/12/12 21:10]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): miranda, you are event lead :-)
[2024/12/12 21:11]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Leo and Miranda are event leads
[2024/12/12 21:11]  XiledSol: Any updates on the theme?
[2024/12/12 21:11]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): Looks like we have a winnner...
[2024/12/12 21:12]  freia (Freia Guillaume): drum roll
[2024/12/12 21:12]  Huntress Catteneo: not down to highest pick though?
[2024/12/12 21:12]  freia (Freia Guillaume): no clue Huntress
[2024/12/12 21:12]  freia (Freia Guillaume): just being a pain
[2024/12/12 21:12]  Gin (GinHama): what are the top 3
[2024/12/12 21:12]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): Aurora Mystica took it with 17 votes
[2024/12/12 21:13]  XiledSol: Would you like to come back to this topic in a few mins?
[2024/12/12 21:13]  freia (Freia Guillaume): wow
[2024/12/12 21:13]  Huntress Catteneo: not what said for way to pick?
[2024/12/12 21:13]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): Concept:
 Inspired by the Northern Lights, this theme celebrates unity, connection, and the magic of shared experiences. Like the auroras, individual contributions blend to create a magnificent whole. The focus is on how individual creativity and energy come together to form a collective, beautiful phenomenon.
 
 Visual Style:
 Dynamic auroras created using particle effects that light up the sky in vibrant colors.
 
 Ground-level holographic art installations and glowing pathways that guide participants to community-built spaces.
 Light-emitting sculptures and interactive art pieces that respond to touch or movement, symbolizing the ripple effect of connection.
 Activities:
 
 Light-Painting Workshops: Guests use interactive tools to “paint” temporary light trails in shared spaces, contributing to a collaborative art piece.
 Group Meditations Under Auroras: Participants gather in open areas to relax and connect beneath shimmering light displays.
 Musical Performances Synced with Light Shows: Live music synced to
[2024/12/12 21:13]  Miranda (MirandaNomad):  dynamic light effects, creating a multisensory experience of sound and visuals.
[2024/12/12 21:13]  freia (Freia Guillaume): so it was decided?
[2024/12/12 21:13]  Huntress Catteneo: ok guess not doing as said
[2024/12/12 21:14]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): Oh, sorry,
[2024/12/12 21:14]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): forgot we were doing it another way...
[2024/12/12 21:14]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): so we have the finalists then
[2024/12/12 21:14]  freia (Freia Guillaume): thats what I assumed
[2024/12/12 21:15]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): and the team will be voting on them... if I understand correctly
[2024/12/12 21:15]  Zoren Manray: well yeah.. if you and Leo feel inspired by that then by all means choose it..
[2024/12/12 21:15]  Zoren Manray: or go for one of the other top contenders
[2024/12/12 21:15]  freia (Freia Guillaume): its the whole team decideding correct?
[2024/12/12 21:15]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): we're doing it the way it was agreed on... I messed up. Apologies
[2024/12/12 21:15]  freia (Freia Guillaume): np Miranda it happens
[2024/12/12 21:16]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): so the event team will make final decision if I understand correctly
[2024/12/12 21:16]  freia (Freia Guillaume): mine too
[2024/12/12 21:16]  XiledSol: Would you be able to give us a rundown of the top vote getters?
[2024/12/12 21:16]  XiledSol: Like what was more popular?
[2024/12/12 21:16]  Zoren Manray: yeah I am currious what the top ones were
[2024/12/12 21:16]  Huntress Catteneo: top 3 at least
[2024/12/12 21:17]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): can you come back to me, I am obviously not prepared.
[2024/12/12 21:17]  freia (Freia Guillaume): i wonder if iSkye feel asleep at the keyboard
[2024/12/12 21:17]  freia (Freia Guillaume): oh Miranda has the data!
[2024/12/12 21:18]  Huntress Catteneo: /me pokes iSkye
[2024/12/12 21:18]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): no I'm wide awake - Miranda and Leo have the results
[2024/12/12 21:18]  Huntress Catteneo: cool
[2024/12/12 21:18]  XiledSol: Alright, let's give her a couple mins to look over the results.
[2024/12/12 21:18]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): please move on... come back to me
[2024/12/12 21:19]  Gin (GinHama): smiles at iSkye as she lets the team work there magic
[2024/12/12 21:20]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I wanted to leave it up to Miranda to give that info :)
[2024/12/12 21:20]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): Okay peeps, I'll go
[2024/12/12 21:20]  XiledSol: Ready to go?
[2024/12/12 21:21]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): top 3 Aurora, Hellfreeze: Idioms of Impossibility, Frozen Reverie: Echoes of Fire and Ice...
[2024/12/12 21:21]  Huntress Catteneo: cool thanks :)
[2024/12/12 21:21]  Gin (GinHama): ty
[2024/12/12 21:21]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): When do we expect a final decision?
[2024/12/12 21:21]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): found it interesting that several submissions were very simliar in thought and theme
[2024/12/12 21:22]  Zoren Manray: yeah several were
[2024/12/12 21:22]  Huntress Catteneo: ppl eneter mult
[2024/12/12 21:22]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): The team will need to schedule a meeting or decide to vote with a poll (we have not had any discussions as of yet).
[2024/12/12 21:22]  Gin (GinHama): we will decide in the next 24 hours, or less, i may spoke out of turn
[2024/12/12 21:23]  Zoren Manray: yeah Emergency event team meeting :P
[2024/12/12 21:23]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): That's all there is to report atm
[2024/12/12 21:23]  Zoren Manray: but not this instant :P
[2024/12/12 21:23]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): lol
[2024/12/12 21:24]  Gin (GinHama): i like all three
[2024/12/12 21:24]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): emergency?  get some bandages...
[2024/12/12 21:24]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): done
[2024/12/12 21:24]  XiledSol: Alright, sounds like no more updates tonight, so let's move on to the 2nd item.
[2024/12/12 21:24]  Gin (GinHama): /me bring over water and whiskey
[2024/12/12 21:24]  XiledSol: Cancelling future meetings, who has this topic>
[2024/12/12 21:24]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I was gonna just say a quick thing - but no rush it can wait til next meeting
[2024/12/12 21:24]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that's me
[2024/12/12 21:24]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): brb ...
[2024/12/12 21:24]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I want to know about the upcoming holiday dates for meetings
[2024/12/12 21:25]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): 26th of december is day after xmas and I wonder if folks want to cancel that meeting, and perhaps the one on the following Sunday?
[2024/12/12 21:25]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): what are your thoughts?
[2024/12/12 21:25]  Zoren Manray: well yeah the 26th is logical to cancel.. sunday though.. maybe a sunday group decision?
[2024/12/12 21:25]  Gin (GinHama): no dec 26
[2024/12/12 21:26]  freia (Freia Guillaume): agree
[2024/12/12 21:26]  XiledSol: the meeting on the 22nd is closer to xmas than the 29th.
[2024/12/12 21:26]  freia (Freia Guillaume): 22 is a bad time
[2024/12/12 21:26]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): Yeah, I'm fine with canceling the 26th and let Sunday decide about the 29th
[2024/12/12 21:26]  freia (Freia Guillaume): 29th not so much
[2024/12/12 21:26]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so no folks traveling for the weekend?
[2024/12/12 21:26]  XiledSol: Ditto...what jeff said
[2024/12/12 21:27]  Cuga Rajal: agree w/Jeff
[2024/12/12 21:27]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): will bring that question up to the Sunday meeting then
[2024/12/12 21:27]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): They could cancel the 22nd too if they prefer
[2024/12/12 21:27]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): yeah that is fine.
[2024/12/12 21:27]  freia (Freia Guillaume): agree about the 22nd
[2024/12/12 21:27]  Gin (GinHama): could we just do a non meeting with teams?
[2024/12/12 21:27]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that's the next meeting, this sunday
[2024/12/12 21:28]  Huntress Catteneo: non meeting?
[2024/12/12 21:28]  Gin (GinHama): ya, just teams meet huntress
[2024/12/12 21:28]  Cuga Rajal: So we'll meet the 19th then skip 26th, meet back Jan 2?
[2024/12/12 21:28]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): Yes
[2024/12/12 21:28]  Gin (GinHama): yes
[2024/12/12 21:29]  Cuga Rajal: kk
[2024/12/12 21:29]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yes
[2024/12/12 21:29]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok then I'm done with that topic
[2024/12/12 21:30]  XiledSol: Alright, Jeff you are up next.
[2024/12/12 21:30]  freia (Freia Guillaume): I just thought of something minor I would like to say if its ok
[2024/12/12 21:30]  XiledSol: ok go freia
[2024/12/12 21:30]  freia (Freia Guillaume): off topic if we are done
[2024/12/12 21:31]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): 3V and I are working on the end of the year reports for BMorg. They have moved the deadline up to Dec 31, so it's a bit more of a scramble this year.
[2024/12/12 21:31]  freia (Freia Guillaume): any fashionistas that are here please get in touch with me about a WB show
[2024/12/12 21:31]  freia (Freia Guillaume): thats all
[2024/12/12 21:31]  XiledSol: Thank you friea, please continue Jeff
[2024/12/12 21:32]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'll have numbers for plot sale and related
[2024/12/12 21:32]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): will send them to you, Jeff
[2024/12/12 21:32]  Cuga Rajal: Jeff is there a folder in Google Docs I can drop DMV info for the reports?
[2024/12/12 21:32]  Cuga Rajal: Can you PM to me
[2024/12/12 21:32]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): We need some info for the reports. For each event, we are looking for number of volunteers, total volunteer hours, number of camps, number of art in\stallations, number of performers, and number of mutant vehicles.
[2024/12/12 21:33]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): Also number of scheduled events
[2024/12/12 21:33]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): back
[2024/12/12 21:34]  Huntress Catteneo: just want facts and figures or snaps as well?
[2024/12/12 21:34]  Gin (GinHama): lyric should be able to give you the report on the Welcome group
[2024/12/12 21:34]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): We'll also need to put together a finacial report, which should be simple since we only have one expense and one or two sources of income.
[2024/12/12 21:34]  Cuga Rajal: Jeff where do I send?
[2024/12/12 21:34]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): They are not asking for pictures, but I would like to put together an annual book with some.
[2024/12/12 21:34]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): the department leads should be able to gather up the info you need
[2024/12/12 21:35]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): Notecards to me in world, or email to jolhoeft@gmail.com
[2024/12/12 21:35]  freia (Freia Guillaume): Jeff thats why we made those photo channels in discord
[2024/12/12 21:35]  freia (Freia Guillaume): you can get some for most events there
[2024/12/12 21:35]  Cuga Rajal: OK Jeff I'll email you the DMV stuff
[2024/12/12 21:35]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): Yes, we'll be going through those for pictures.
[2024/12/12 21:36]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): Thank you
[2024/12/12 21:36]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): and there are photos on the FLICR
[2024/12/12 21:36]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): FLICKR
[2024/12/12 21:36]  freia (Freia Guillaume): yes that too
[2024/12/12 21:36]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yep
[2024/12/12 21:36]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): Send me links to flickr if you have some.
[2024/12/12 21:36]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): But a year book will be after these reports are done.
[2024/12/12 21:37]  Huntress Catteneo: was thinking more of art snaps for art report
[2024/12/12 21:37]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): https://www.flickr.com/groups/1474739@N25/
[2024/12/12 21:37]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): https://www.flickr.com/groups/burn2/
[2024/12/12 21:38]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): The first of those is private
[2024/12/12 21:38]  freia (Freia Guillaume): I am going to say goodnight folks
[2024/12/12 21:38]  freia (Freia Guillaume): tc everyone
[2024/12/12 21:38]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Lily was quicker than me - I has the links, ready to paste and she got there faster :)
[2024/12/12 21:38]  Zoren Manray: ok night Freia
[2024/12/12 21:38]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Good night freia
[2024/12/12 21:38]  Cuga Rajal: nite Freia
[2024/12/12 21:38]  XiledSol: nini
[2024/12/12 21:38]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): gn freia
[2024/12/12 21:38]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): That is all I have.
[2024/12/12 21:39]  XiledSol: Any questions for Jeff?
[2024/12/12 21:39]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): .•❤•. NiNi.•❤•.
[2024/12/12 21:39]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): question:
[2024/12/12 21:39]  XiledSol: ok Miranda
[2024/12/12 21:39]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): who gathers that info? is that something that is automatically done by a "counter" for the sim?
[2024/12/12 21:40]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): much more than that Miranda
[2024/12/12 21:40]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): as for visitors
[2024/12/12 21:40]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): okay, so done thru reg forms and such?
[2024/12/12 21:40]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yeah
[2024/12/12 21:40]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): gotcha
[2024/12/12 21:40]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): Some of it is gathered, some we can recreate from sign up forms, and some I expect we'll have to put in as "approx"
[2024/12/12 21:40]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): just want to make sure the event leads don't need to gather that data ;)
[2024/12/12 21:41]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): much appreciated for the clarity
[2024/12/12 21:41]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): Next year we'll gather it ahead of time now I now what is needed.
[2024/12/12 21:41]  Cuga Rajal: I put various counters in the DMV rezzers, and in the large art cars
[2024/12/12 21:41]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): Although the BMorg seems to change what they want every year.
[2024/12/12 21:41]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): sounds about right ;)
[2024/12/12 21:41]  Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): We're starting with Octoburn and working backwards
[2024/12/12 21:42]  XiledSol: Thank you Jeff. Next up is Miranda with a quick bylaws status update.
[2024/12/12 21:42]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): Dave you wanna take this one?
[2024/12/12 21:42]  Dr. Dave (ThomasRaowulf): der...
[2024/12/12 21:42]  XiledSol: Ok, Dave. ^^;
[2024/12/12 21:42]  Dr. Dave (ThomasRaowulf): We met.  We worked.  We made progress.
[2024/12/12 21:42]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): lol
[2024/12/12 21:43]  XiledSol: 🥳
[2024/12/12 21:43]  Huntress Catteneo: yay
[2024/12/12 21:43]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): We are definately making progress, working thru the items one by one and making sure the text is clear concise and understandable.
[2024/12/12 21:43]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): the team is working well together
[2024/12/12 21:44]  Huntress Catteneo: great to hear
[2024/12/12 21:44]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): thats about it.
[2024/12/12 21:45]  XiledSol: Does anyone have a question they would like to ask the bylaws members before we move on?
[2024/12/12 21:45]  XiledSol: Alright, last topic. New Years Eve
[2024/12/12 21:46]  XiledSol: I have put out a call for performers for that night.
[2024/12/12 21:46]  XiledSol: https://www.burn2.org/nye-burn-performer-booking/
[2024/12/12 21:47]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): woot!
[2024/12/12 21:47]  XiledSol: If you know some DJ's that have performed here before, let them know we have openings for that night if they aren't already busy
[2024/12/12 21:48]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): will do
[2024/12/12 21:48]  Huntress Catteneo: fingers crossed
[2024/12/12 21:48]  XiledSol: The form had some issues with the timing of sets, so it ended up with 30 mins blocks. ^^;
[2024/12/12 21:48]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and the 30 min blocks gives the performers a bit more flexibility
[2024/12/12 21:48]  XiledSol: We will also be having burns at 9pm, 10pm 11pm and midnight SLT
[2024/12/12 21:48]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so they could start at half hour instead of top of hour if that works better for them
[2024/12/12 21:49]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): can DJ's sign up for consecutive blocks? so for like 1 hour sets?
[2024/12/12 21:49]  XiledSol: If you are free that night and would like to volunteer as a stage manager for awhile, let me know.
[2024/12/12 21:49]  XiledSol: Yes they can
[2024/12/12 21:50]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): kk thanks!
[2024/12/12 21:50]  XiledSol: or for an hour and a half
[2024/12/12 21:50]  XiledSol: Zoren, would you any updates on the effigy you are building?
[2024/12/12 21:51]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): did you say before, Xiled, that Sabet will build a stage for NYE Burn?
[2024/12/12 21:51]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): (sorry to interrupt)
[2024/12/12 21:51]  XiledSol: Yes I was just going to mention that
[2024/12/12 21:51]  XiledSol: Freia will provide the fireworks and Sabet will also dj for an hour.
[2024/12/12 21:52]  XiledSol: Any questions or comments about NYE?
[2024/12/12 21:53]  XiledSol: If not, shall we adjourn?
[2024/12/12 21:53]  Gin (GinHama): hand up
[2024/12/12 21:53]  XiledSol: Ok gin, go ahead
[2024/12/12 21:55]  Gin (GinHama): i would like to add something to the NYE party, I have a idea of a build that shows pics of this past year, pics from the commit, sould that be ok?
[2024/12/12 21:55]  XiledSol: Yes, a slideshow would be fine.
[2024/12/12 21:56]  Gin (GinHama): ok ty
[2024/12/12 21:56]  XiledSol: Alright motion to adjourn?
[2024/12/12 21:56]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I move to adjourn
[2024/12/12 21:56]  Cuga Rajal: second
[2024/12/12 21:56]  Gin (GinHama): 2nd
[2024/12/12 21:57]  XiledSol: Ok adjourned at 9:56 pm

