# Burn2 Planning Meeting

## Thursday 14 November 2024

### Deep Hole

## ATTENDING

* iSkye Silvercloud
* Huntress Catteneo
* Lily Von Magic
* Miranda
* Gin
* Cuga Rajal
* Laurelle
* Jeff Olhoeft
* Magi
* Lyric
* Zoren Manray
* XiledSol
* Discord -Bigby- Darkpawz


\[2024/11/14 21:05\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I think we're all familiar with the ground rules - shall we skip reading them out tonight?

\[2024/11/14 21:06\] Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): Hi Zoren, hello Xiled

\[2024/11/14 21:06\] Zoren Manray: hi Jeff

\[2024/11/14 21:06\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Hi zoren and Xiled

\[2024/11/14 21:06\] XiledSol: Hi jeff. Hello everyone

\[2024/11/14 21:06\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'm not seeing an panicked wails ... "but we NEEDS to hear GROUND RULEZ!"

\[2024/11/14 21:06\] XiledSol: No new people this week?

\[2024/11/14 21:06\] Gin (GinHama): Zoren did you bring me donuts?

\[2024/11/14 21:06\] Cuga Rajal: I think we can skip since all present are regulars

\[2024/11/14 21:07\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): not tonight

\[2024/11/14 21:07\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok let's get to it

\[2024/11/14 21:07\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): 2 things on tonight's agenda

\[2024/11/14 21:07\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Events and themes for 2025
DMV Kit update and lessons learned

\[2024/11/14 21:08\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Anything else to add?

\[2024/11/14 21:08\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): nothing i can think of

\[2024/11/14 21:08\] Cuga Rajal: octoburn follow-up?

\[2024/11/14 21:08\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok

\[2024/11/14 21:09\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok nothing else from anyone -

\[2024/11/14 21:09\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): good one Cuga

\[2024/11/14 21:09\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): let's get started

\[2024/11/14 21:09\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Events and themes for 2025

\[2024/11/14 21:09\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): there's this doc .. you'll see 2023 tab and 2025

\[2024/11/14 21:10\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I couldn't find the 2024 one this evening

\[2024/11/14 21:10\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): ??

\[2024/11/14 21:10\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/142u4XgXrsIcls7RbTktVGXHVEDRJKTECNuNYwGh1Ark/edit?usp=sharing

\[2024/11/14 21:10\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): at bottom you see 2023 tab

\[2024/11/14 21:10\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): then 2025

\[2024/11/14 21:11\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Lily collected the 2024 dates so I can pop in a tab for that

\[2024/11/14 21:11\] Discord -Bigby- Darkpawz (Temba): what did i miss?

\[2024/11/14 21:11\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): nothing. we just started

\[2024/11/14 21:12\] Discord -Bigby- Darkpawz (Temba): ok

\[2024/11/14 21:12\] Cuga Rajal: This is good to have. We can fill in the dates as they become available. It will help us make good decisions on choosing event dates.

\[2024/11/14 21:12\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Lily came up with some dates - she gathered the 2024 dates of our events

\[2024/11/14 21:13\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and then some proposed dates

\[2024/11/14 21:13\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): of course we will want to check on the other dates around SL

\[2024/11/14 21:13\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and RL

\[2024/11/14 21:14\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'm going to put in her dates that she proposed for 2025

\[2024/11/14 21:14\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and we don't have to confirm them TONIGHT

\[2024/11/14 21:15\] Cuga Rajal: Most of the "conflict dates arebn't know yet and won;t be known until closer to each event

\[2024/11/14 21:15\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): some we do know a bit sooner but true

\[2024/11/14 21:15\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): yeah, the dates seemed to make sense. Was looking at Holiday and SL event calendars

\[2024/11/14 21:15\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we could at least work out Winter Burn dates

\[2024/11/14 21:15\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): anything right now is an estimate

\[2024/11/14 21:15\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): Decompression will likely be around Oct 11/12th 2025

\[2024/11/14 21:15\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yes, true

\[2024/11/14 21:16\] Cuga Rajal: Except for Octiburn we don;t need to pick the dates until closer to the event

\[2024/11/14 21:16\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): actually we need to do that pretty soon

\[2024/11/14 21:16\] Cuga Rajal: there might be other conflicts that we aren't aware of today

\[2024/11/14 21:17\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I get emails from the event team at BRC asking for dates etc.

\[2024/11/14 21:17\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): they were specifically asking about our Winter Burn, now

\[2024/11/14 21:17\] Cuga Rajal: why should that be imortant to then when they donlt promote us or send any people?

\[2024/11/14 21:17\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): they do list us on their calendar

\[2024/11/14 21:17\] Cuga Rajal: We do need to pick dates for the next event

\[2024/11/14 21:18\] Cuga Rajal: but not all the ones for next year

\[2024/11/14 21:18\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I was surprised to get a direct email from Muse asking about Burn2's Winter Burn event dates etc.

\[2024/11/14 21:18\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): it's a first

\[2024/11/14 21:18\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so I'd say we're on their radar

\[2024/11/14 21:18\] XiledSol: Maybe they are finally becoming interested again?

\[2024/11/14 21:18\] Cuga Rajal: They will list us when we have the info available.

\[2024/11/14 21:19\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and I am hoping to get that very soon, hopefully by end of November

\[2024/11/14 21:19\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): They LOVE us!

\[2024/11/14 21:19\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so they get that much and if we get more dates, etc. they will appreciate that too

\[2024/11/14 21:19\] Cuga Rajal: iSkye you mean the Winterburn dates?

\[2024/11/14 21:19\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Yes Winter Burn dates and theme by end of November

\[2024/11/14 21:19\] Cuga Rajal: thx for clarifying

\[2024/11/14 21:19\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and I'm thinking of Thanksgiving

\[2024/11/14 21:20\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so that Thursday night, would we want to meet or having that night off? so I want to get started talking about Winter Burn asap

\[2024/11/14 21:20\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and get at least that info into Muse by end of November

\[2024/11/14 21:20\] Cuga Rajal: I cannot meet the 28th

\[2024/11/14 21:21\] Gin (GinHama): the winter burn dates that are listed might be a day off

\[2024/11/14 21:21\] Cuga Rajal: it would be good if we can pick dates for Winterburn by the 21st

\[2024/11/14 21:21\] XiledSol: Thanksgiving is a week we usually take off

\[2024/11/14 21:21\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok super

\[2024/11/14 21:21\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yes

\[2024/11/14 21:21\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so we won't meet the 28th

\[2024/11/14 21:21\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): gotcha

\[2024/11/14 21:21\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): SO.... last year

\[2024/11/14 21:22\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Winter Burn dates were 1/26/24 to 01/28/24

\[2024/11/14 21:22\] ღ..Lyric..ღ (lyricsheart): the 28th is thanksgiving,but will there still be sunday meeting that week?

\[2024/11/14 21:22\] Gin (GinHama): Jan 25th is saturday and the Jan 28 it tuesday

\[2024/11/14 21:22\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): the 30th? we can call that off too

\[2024/11/14 21:22\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): since we didn't meet the 28th

\[2024/11/14 21:22\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): erm 1st of December

\[2024/11/14 21:22\] Gin (GinHama): oops my bad

\[2024/11/14 21:23\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so 2024 dates were 1/26/24 to 01/28/24... 2 weekends in 2025 might be good candidates

\[2024/11/14 21:23\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): 1/24/25 to 1/26/25 or 1/31/25 to 2/02/25

\[2024/11/14 21:23\] Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): I favor 1/24-1/26

\[2024/11/14 21:24\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): based on 2023

\[2024/11/14 21:24\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I don't see any big conflicts with either weekend

\[2024/11/14 21:24\] Cuga Rajal: either are ok with me

\[2024/11/14 21:24\] ღ..Lyric..ღ (lyricsheart): i will vote ofr 1/24 with jeff since he often misses things because of his quarterly plans

\[2024/11/14 21:24\] XiledSol: Winter Burn Dates: January 29-31, 2021, January 28-30, 2022

\[2024/11/14 21:24\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): anyone else have an opinion?

\[2024/11/14 21:24\] XiledSol: Do we always hold it the last weekend in Jan?

\[2024/11/14 21:24\] Zoren Manray: 1/24-1/26 sounds good to me as well

\[2024/11/14 21:25\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): First weekend works best for me as well.

\[2024/11/14 21:25\] Magi (Magic2life): I'm for 1/24

\[2024/11/14 21:25\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we often scheduled end of January

\[2024/11/14 21:25\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): but I'm fine with 24-26

\[2024/11/14 21:25\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): if you guys are

\[2024/11/14 21:25\] Gin (GinHama): 24-26 im good with

\[2024/11/14 21:25\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): any OPPOSED to the 24-26?

\[2024/11/14 21:25\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): 24-26th would be okay

\[2024/11/14 21:25\] Cuga Rajal: Maybe the later of the 2 options. we're sometimes crunched for time

\[2024/11/14 21:25\] Cuga Rajal: after the holidays

\[2024/11/14 21:25\] Cuga Rajal: just a thought

\[2024/11/14 21:25\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): January isn't end of quarter, is it?

\[2024/11/14 21:26\] Huntress Catteneo: quarter?

\[2024/11/14 21:26\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): unless you're talking fiscal calendar year?

\[2024/11/14 21:26\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): not for my company

\[2024/11/14 21:26\] XiledSol: How many weeks before the event does building start?

\[2024/11/14 21:26\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Lyric mentioned Jeff having had to miss some events

\[2024/11/14 21:26\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): usually 4 weeks

\[2024/11/14 21:26\] XiledSol: marking out plots and stuff

\[2024/11/14 21:27\] Cuga Rajal: I'm thinking that the amount of time we have to build is a more important factor

\[2024/11/14 21:27\] XiledSol: NYE would need until the 2nd to be cleaned off

\[2024/11/14 21:27\] Zoren Manray: yeah that

\[2024/11/14 21:27\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): true

\[2024/11/14 21:27\] Zoren Manray: typically I recall winterburn having less then 4 weeks of build

\[2024/11/14 21:27\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): want to push it back to 31st - 2nd?

\[2024/11/14 21:27\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): last weekend in January

\[2024/11/14 21:28\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): gives us that time needed for setup and opening for build

\[2024/11/14 21:28\] Gin (GinHama): Jeff dose that work for you? 31 - 2

\[2024/11/14 21:28\] Huntress Catteneo: should not really need much

\[2024/11/14 21:28\] Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): I may have a conflict that weekend, but don't let one person set the date.,

\[2024/11/14 21:28\] XiledSol: It would give builders more time

\[2024/11/14 21:29\] Huntress Catteneo: they dont realy need it

\[2024/11/14 21:29\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): could open for build the 3rd

\[2024/11/14 21:29\] Huntress Catteneo: more time they just fluff around

\[2024/11/14 21:29\] Huntress Catteneo: brb

\[2024/11/14 21:29\] Cuga Rajal: Would be good to have a theme and event lead before setting out plot markers

\[2024/11/14 21:29\] Zoren Manray: well I keep not understanding why we seem to ignore that there are sandboxes and other places people could start pre building.. most builds seem to go up in the last two weeks anyway

\[2024/11/14 21:30\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I um have an opinion about this pre-building

\[2024/11/14 21:30\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): there should be enough build time

\[2024/11/14 21:30\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): there were some people who did GREAT at Octoburn and other events -- where they built on site

\[2024/11/14 21:30\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and interacted with each other

\[2024/11/14 21:30\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that's what we really want

\[2024/11/14 21:30\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): instead of plopping a complete build down

\[2024/11/14 21:31\] Cuga Rajal: Sooiner the better to get theme and leads picked. Don't wait until last minute

\[2024/11/14 21:31\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I've seen more people doing that the last few events, but I'd like us to encourage that

\[2024/11/14 21:31\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and one way is to have activities during the build period too

\[2024/11/14 21:31\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): little fun breaks

\[2024/11/14 21:31\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): for the builders to do together

\[2024/11/14 21:31\] ღ..Lyric..ღ (lyricsheart): doodle board night?

\[2024/11/14 21:31\] Cuga Rajal: Can suggest it but not a hard rule and not something we can require

\[2024/11/14 21:31\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yeah like that

\[2024/11/14 21:32\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): it engages them more too

\[2024/11/14 21:32\] Cuga Rajal: I think priority is spending time on what we have to do before event - pick leads, choose theme

\[2024/11/14 21:32\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yes Cuga

\[2024/11/14 21:32\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok so dates

\[2024/11/14 21:32\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): 31 Jan -2 Feb?

\[2024/11/14 21:32\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): all agreed?

\[2024/11/14 21:32\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): yes

\[2024/11/14 21:32\] Zoren Manray: it's acceptable

\[2024/11/14 21:32\] XiledSol: yeah

\[2024/11/14 21:33\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok

\[2024/11/14 21:33\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): now 2025 events and teams

\[2024/11/14 21:33\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ycbfUa5FX68uOPHaFbkq9rPAP9uT-v1wzhqKLMYnx0o/edit?usp=sharing

\[2024/11/14 21:33\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): the earlier weekend worked better for me

\[2024/11/14 21:33\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): go to Winter Burn tab

\[2024/11/14 21:33\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): but let majority rule

\[2024/11/14 21:34\] ღ..Lyric..ღ (lyricsheart): actually the majority picked the first weekend,

\[2024/11/14 21:34\] Cuga Rajal: I'm happy to go with whatever majority want

\[2024/11/14 21:34\] Laurelle (Laurelle Nightfire): same for me 24-26 worked better

\[2024/11/14 21:34\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so we're back to deciding dates?

\[2024/11/14 21:34\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that means 1 less week build time

\[2024/11/14 21:34\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): maybe 1 or 2 days set up before build opens

\[2024/11/14 21:34\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): I don't think we need as much build time

\[2024/11/14 21:34\] ღ..Lyric..ღ (lyricsheart): well are we decided by how many people spoke up or by the argument for one date over the other

\[2024/11/14 21:35\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): because 02 January is the date that Xiled talked about being when things clear off from NYE

\[2024/11/14 21:35\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so we have to wait til 02 January

\[2024/11/14 21:35\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): majority should rule... because of people's schedules

\[2024/11/14 21:35\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): open for build 03 January

\[2024/11/14 21:35\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): my first pref is the earlier one,

\[2024/11/14 21:35\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'm putting out some info and I hope that helps you with those dates

\[2024/11/14 21:35\] Zoren Manray: and yes as I sad as well i don't think we need as much build time..

\[2024/11/14 21:35\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so if 24th weekend is preferred

\[2024/11/14 21:35\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): SAY SO.

\[2024/11/14 21:35\] Zoren Manray: we need a theme to get people excited more then more time to build

\[2024/11/14 21:36\] ღ..Lyric..ღ (lyricsheart): lily, me, magi, jeff, miranda

\[2024/11/14 21:36\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): are there MORE people wanting 24th weekend?

\[2024/11/14 21:36\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): 1 week, 2 weeks max. it is not as intensive as Octoburn

\[2024/11/14 21:36\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): 24th weekend then?

\[2024/11/14 21:36\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): Yes 24th preferred

\[2024/11/14 21:36\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): awesome

\[2024/11/14 21:36\] ღ..Lyric..ღ (lyricsheart): yes 😃

\[2024/11/14 21:36\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): let's do it

\[2024/11/14 21:36\] Cuga Rajal: fine with me

\[2024/11/14 21:36\] Laurelle (Laurelle Nightfire): yes for me

\[2024/11/14 21:36\] Zoren Manray: I said I prefered the 24th more then the 31 as well

\[2024/11/14 21:36\] Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): yes to the 24th

\[2024/11/14 21:36\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I just wanted to see a consensus on the date

\[2024/11/14 21:36\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): it looks like we have it with 24th

\[2024/11/14 21:37\] ღ..Lyric..ღ (lyricsheart): thank you iskye

\[2024/11/14 21:37\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): no one opposed?

\[2024/11/14 21:37\] Cuga Rajal: ok, so shorter build period. Maybe tell folks to start some building before opening, if the shorter period is a concern

\[2024/11/14 21:37\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): in other words, encourage pre-builds. ok

\[2024/11/14 21:37\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): just bring 'em, plunk 'em down.

\[2024/11/14 21:37\] Zoren Manray: yes Iskye we shall allow Evil prebuilding

\[2024/11/14 21:37\] Cuga Rajal: well, so people don;t bail on it entirely when caught by surprise in January

\[2024/11/14 21:38\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): not surprise if you give them clear dates

\[2024/11/14 21:38\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): it's just something I've observed

\[2024/11/14 21:38\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): some people drop a build

\[2024/11/14 21:38\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): then never come for the event itself

\[2024/11/14 21:38\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): don't even bother to come clean up

\[2024/11/14 21:38\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'd like to encourage more participation from the builders

\[2024/11/14 21:38\] XiledSol: Could whoever is setting up the layout do it on a temp platform above the playa prior to the event, then bring it all down on the 2nd?

\[2024/11/14 21:38\] Cuga Rajal: or start a build and move the work in progress onto playa

\[2024/11/14 21:38\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that would be nice

\[2024/11/14 21:39\] XiledSol: they could work even a week in advance planning the layout there

\[2024/11/14 21:39\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok shall we look at teams for Winter Burn? and I do a survey to gather theme ideas from the community?

\[2024/11/14 21:39\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): already perculating some ideas

\[2024/11/14 21:39\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ycbfUa5FX68uOPHaFbkq9rPAP9uT-v1wzhqKLMYnx0o/edit?usp=sharing

\[2024/11/14 21:39\] Cuga Rajal: I would say theme first

\[2024/11/14 21:39\] Cuga Rajal: if thats possible

\[2024/11/14 21:39\] Huntress Catteneo: build abouve for others to approve or something?

\[2024/11/14 21:39\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): then we do want input form the community on theme ideas?

\[2024/11/14 21:40\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): or are you saying those of us here decide the theme?

\[2024/11/14 21:40\] Cuga Rajal: not saying ewither - something we need to decide

\[2024/11/14 21:40\] Cuga Rajal: lets decide how we're going to decide °͜°

\[2024/11/14 21:40\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): put out a survey. to get event name ideas

\[2024/11/14 21:40\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): geez....

\[2024/11/14 21:41\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): let's do what we usually do....

\[2024/11/14 21:41\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): in past, I sent out survyes

\[2024/11/14 21:41\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): got theme ideas from community

\[2024/11/14 21:41\] Zoren Manray: Why do we allways pretend we never did this before?

\[2024/11/14 21:41\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so we do it that way ok ?

\[2024/11/14 21:41\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): a form for peeps to submit their ideas

\[2024/11/14 21:41\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): great then that's decided

\[2024/11/14 21:41\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): form for theme dieas for winter burn

\[2024/11/14 21:41\] Cuga Rajal: We usually put out a survey, then vote at meeting on the entries after a given time.

\[2024/11/14 21:41\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): heck last year we decided themes for all 3 events at the same time

\[2024/11/14 21:41\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): yeah a form.

\[2024/11/14 21:42\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): so that we have community input, and a way to engage everyone

\[2024/11/14 21:42\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): exactly

\[2024/11/14 21:42\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): make them feel part of b2

\[2024/11/14 21:42\] Zoren Manray: really the survey for ideas was never the problem.

\[2024/11/14 21:42\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): everybody's on the same page, awesome, excellent

\[2024/11/14 21:42\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): final decisions on themes rest with the planning committe

\[2024/11/14 21:42\] Cuga Rajal: I want to suggest that we not have a 2nd round of voting, Just take the top one.

\[2024/11/14 21:43\] Cuga Rajal: in interest of time

\[2024/11/14 21:43\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): shall I even ask for themes for all 3 of our events

\[2024/11/14 21:43\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): WB, BE, Conception?

\[2024/11/14 21:43\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): I thought that was fun.

\[2024/11/14 21:43\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we did that for this year, in 2023

\[2024/11/14 21:43\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that was fun, yes we got some great input

\[2024/11/14 21:43\] Gin (GinHama): yes all 3 events at the same time

\[2024/11/14 21:43\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): and allowed builders to have lots of time to perculate on ideas

\[2024/11/14 21:43\] XiledSol: that might confuse some lol

\[2024/11/14 21:43\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): sure. that seemed to work better. and got it done

\[2024/11/14 21:43\] Zoren Manray: yeah just ask for theme ideas..

\[2024/11/14 21:43\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): they were fine last time

\[2024/11/14 21:43\] Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): I'd focus on WB since we need to be done in a little over a week.

\[2024/11/14 21:43\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): I liked it

\[2024/11/14 21:44\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok

\[2024/11/14 21:44\] Cuga Rajal: agree w/Jeff

\[2024/11/14 21:44\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'll do form for 3 events

\[2024/11/14 21:44\] XiledSol: Yes focus on WB, then we can do future themes in one go

\[2024/11/14 21:44\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we can FOCUS on picking the final theme for Winter Burn next Thursday

\[2024/11/14 21:44\] Zoren Manray: having a bunch of ideas is not bad because then it allows those passionate about actually DOING the ideas a good pool to select from..

\[2024/11/14 21:44\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and then whatever came in for other events we can decide after Thanksgiving, good idea?

\[2024/11/14 21:44\] Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): Yes

\[2024/11/14 21:45\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): I think it is better to have more than less

\[2024/11/14 21:45\] Zoren Manray: well what if an idea for another event actualyu would fit good for winterburn?

\[2024/11/14 21:45\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): if I can get those decisions on dates and themes by end of November the events team at bmp will be happy

\[2024/11/14 21:45\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we can decide that next week, Zoren

\[2024/11/14 21:45\] Cuga Rajal: sounds god. Post all 3, sooner deadline for Winterburn survey.

\[2024/11/14 21:45\] Cuga Rajal: good*

\[2024/11/14 21:45\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so there is a short timeline

\[2024/11/14 21:45\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): form out tomorrow

\[2024/11/14 21:45\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): results by next Wednesday night

\[2024/11/14 21:45\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): then put an indication if someone is okay with their name being used for one of the other events.

\[2024/11/14 21:46\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): present results next Thursday and following Sunday

\[2024/11/14 21:46\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok?

\[2024/11/14 21:46\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): then we'll do that

\[2024/11/14 21:46\] Cuga Rajal: sounds good

\[2024/11/14 21:46\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): That plan sounds solid iSkye

\[2024/11/14 21:46\] Laurelle (Laurelle Nightfire): /me nods

\[2024/11/14 21:46\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): thx for offering to put the form together

\[2024/11/14 21:46\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Cuga's chomping at the bit to get to his topic... so let's move to him DMV Kit update and lessons learned

\[2024/11/14 21:46\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yw Miranda

\[2024/11/14 21:47\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so you have the floor Cuga

\[2024/11/14 21:47\] Cuga Rajal: no rush °͜°

\[2024/11/14 21:47\] Cuga Rajal: ok

\[2024/11/14 21:47\] Cuga Rajal: Just wanted to follow up while Octoburn is still fresh in our minds

\[2024/11/14 21:47\] Cuga Rajal: There were some lessons learned form Octoiburn in the DMV department

\[2024/11/14 21:48\] Cuga Rajal: We had a record number of people building large complicated cars with heavy scripting

\[2024/11/14 21:48\] Cuga Rajal: learned about some limitations of avSitter

\[2024/11/14 21:48\] Cuga Rajal: when used together with cars

\[2024/11/14 21:48\] Cuga Rajal: I updated the DMV kit. There's a script update but the changes aren;t super important

\[2024/11/14 21:49\] Cuga Rajal: the Documentation now has an expanded section on passenger ssits and limitations of avSitter

\[2024/11/14 21:49\] Cuga Rajal: Hopefully will avoid the problems we had at Octoburn

\[2024/11/14 21:49\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): what were the issues with avSitter that you noticed?

\[2024/11/14 21:49\] Cuga Rajal: Also

\[2024/11/14 21:50\] Cuga Rajal: The auto-park scripts seemed to all work very well

\[2024/11/14 21:50\] Huntress Catteneo: not all

\[2024/11/14 21:50\] Cuga Rajal: but the boarding ramps were not being de-rezzed properly

\[2024/11/14 21:51\] Huntress Catteneo: I had to jump in a couple drive a bit then jump out for them to go home

\[2024/11/14 21:51\] Cuga Rajal: I dug into the script and found the problem, so next Octoburn when we use the multi-sim auto-park, that problem wiith the stray ramps being left ut.. will be fixed

\[2024/11/14 21:51\] Cuga Rajal: are fixed now..

\[2024/11/14 21:52\] Cuga Rajal: Only other issue from DMV is the general flakiness of SL servers

\[2024/11/14 21:52\] Cuga Rajal: problems not limited to car scripts

\[2024/11/14 21:52\] Huntress Catteneo: yep

\[2024/11/14 21:52\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): all kinds of weird things happened

\[2024/11/14 21:52\] Cuga Rajal: servers seemed less stable than past years

\[2024/11/14 21:52\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): outside of our control

\[2024/11/14 21:52\] Cuga Rajal: yes

\[2024/11/14 21:53\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I have a question for Cuga

\[2024/11/14 21:53\] Huntress Catteneo: actually not too bad

\[2024/11/14 21:53\] Cuga Rajal: yes iSkye

\[2024/11/14 21:54\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): the builders who want to have their cars on their plots and to drive around - are those set so they can set their car's "home" to their plot and have them auto-park there?

\[2024/11/14 21:54\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): (for Octoburn)

\[2024/11/14 21:54\] Cuga Rajal: That's their choice

\[2024/11/14 21:54\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok so they can do that

\[2024/11/14 21:54\] Cuga Rajal: we provide the auto-park script but they can choose to use it or not

\[2024/11/14 21:54\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok I had one guy who said he couldn't get his car to auto park

\[2024/11/14 21:55\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and I asked him about that script

\[2024/11/14 21:55\] Cuga Rajal: ultimately its up to them to park their car and not abandon it

\[2024/11/14 21:55\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): OK

\[2024/11/14 21:55\] Cuga Rajal: There was a misunderstanding

\[2024/11/14 21:55\] Cuga Rajal: Some people werenlt aware that the car script's internal auto-park shouldn;t be used during octoburn, and to use the multi-sim script instead

\[2024/11/14 21:56\] Cuga Rajal: So the new documentation has a new section explaining this clearly

\[2024/11/14 21:56\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok that's good

\[2024/11/14 21:56\] Cuga Rajal: It's a good read °͜°

\[2024/11/14 21:56\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): thanks for being so diligent with documentation for the builders

\[2024/11/14 21:57\] Cuga Rajal: The only other take-away from Octo - in my court - is to figure out why the new radio script was working for 2 of the 3 large groups, but not the third

\[2024/11/14 21:57\] Cuga Rajal: I'll be tinkering with it trying to figure that out

\[2024/11/14 21:58\] Huntress Catteneo: not placed corectly?

\[2024/11/14 21:58\] Cuga Rajal: Planning to add a relay for next year so that there's a way to control strea, in all 12 sims from 1 place

\[2024/11/14 21:58\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Huntress - they work at first, then after a day or so, the radio stops responding to them

\[2024/11/14 21:58\] Cuga Rajal: Huntress there's not really much that can go wrong placing it

\[2024/11/14 21:58\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): it's just that one big camp

\[2024/11/14 21:58\] Cuga Rajal: set it out, deed it, have the owner click it

\[2024/11/14 21:59\] Cuga Rajal: thats iut

\[2024/11/14 21:59\] Cuga Rajal: Issue might have been server weirdness, but I'm going to keep banging on it

\[2024/11/14 21:59\] Cuga Rajal: its fun to bang it anyway

\[2024/11/14 21:59\] Huntress Catteneo: tried to add too many to white list?

\[2024/11/14 21:59\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): they had their own they wanted to use because they felt it was more reliable

\[2024/11/14 21:59\] Cuga Rajal: Thats everything to report from DMV

\[2024/11/14 22:00\] Cuga Rajal: Well theirs may have been more reliable when ours wasnt workj[king

\[2024/11/14 22:00\] Cuga Rajal: the problem is that you don;t want to deed a script that you don;t know what it does

\[2024/11/14 22:00\] Cuga Rajal: it allows things to be done that only the sim owner can do

\[2024/11/14 22:00\] Huntress Catteneo: yes

\[2024/11/14 22:00\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): true

\[2024/11/14 22:00\] Zoren Manray: yeah agreed to that

\[2024/11/14 22:00\] Cuga Rajal: so we can;t deed someone else's radio

\[2024/11/14 22:01\] Cuga Rajal: unless they give uds a FP copy and we can review the code

\[2024/11/14 22:01\] Cuga Rajal: MP radios can;t do

\[2024/11/14 22:01\] Huntress Catteneo: ok

\[2024/11/14 22:01\] Cuga Rajal: too much risk

\[2024/11/14 22:02\] Cuga Rajal: OK thats all I have on the radio follow-up

\[2024/11/14 22:02\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that will need to be made clear to the camps next Octoburn

\[2024/11/14 22:02\] ღ..Lyric..ღ (lyricsheart): i am sorry, is there anything left to decide in this meeting as it is 10pm?

\[2024/11/14 22:02\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we won't need to worry about the camp radios for our other events

\[2024/11/14 22:02\] Cuga Rajal: The radio was done in a rush

\[2024/11/14 22:02\] Cuga Rajal: I was asked to do it less than 2 weeks before event bc the person who originally took on the project bailed

\[2024/11/14 22:02\] ღ..Lyric..ღ (lyricsheart): thank you Cuga 😉

\[2024/11/14 22:03\] Cuga Rajal: next time I'll have more time. Radio docs too, will be better next year

\[2024/11/14 22:03\] Zoren Manray: yeah you did really well for the short notice Cuga

\[2024/11/14 22:03\] Cuga Rajal: thx

\[2024/11/14 22:03\] Laurelle (Laurelle Nightfire): yes ty Cuga

\[2024/11/14 22:03\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): for realz, I had no idea. Great job Cuga, and thank you!

\[2024/11/14 22:03\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yes thank you very much for that

\[2024/11/14 22:04\] Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): thanks Cuga

\[2024/11/14 22:04\] Cuga Rajal: The feature to let owners self-manage whitelists is something I haven;t seen in other readios, a good feature

\[2024/11/14 22:04\] Cuga Rajal: saves everyoe a lot of time

\[2024/11/14 22:05\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): did you figure out why it had to be x-1 total names in the whitelist?

\[2024/11/14 22:05\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): one less than the limit?

\[2024/11/14 22:05\] Cuga Rajal: that actually wasn;t the case

\[2024/11/14 22:05\] Cuga Rajal: that was just a guess when we didn't know why Organica's wasn;t working

\[2024/11/14 22:05\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok

\[2024/11/14 22:05\] Cuga Rajal: was atually not x-1

\[2024/11/14 22:06\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): x being the stated limit

\[2024/11/14 22:06\] Cuga Rajal: right

\[2024/11/14 22:06\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so that wasn't the problem

\[2024/11/14 22:06\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok

\[2024/11/14 22:06\] Cuga Rajal: correct, was something else

\[2024/11/14 22:06\] Cuga Rajal: or nothin... other teams didn;t have prpblem

\[2024/11/14 22:06\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok

\[2024/11/14 22:06\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that segues us into Octoburn Follow-up, the last topic

\[2024/11/14 22:07\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I did ask Jeff if he had any specific questions for the community post-event survey

\[2024/11/14 22:07\] Cuga Rajal: Just wanted say that we should get a survey up soon if we're going to do it, while the event is still fresh in people;s minds

\[2024/11/14 22:07\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and he'll get those to me soon

\[2024/11/14 22:07\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and the department leads will also need to send in their info

\[2024/11/14 22:07\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we'll get that real soon

\[2024/11/14 22:07\] Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): Sorry, been swamped by work. I will ponder this weekend and talk to 3V.

\[2024/11/14 22:07\] Cuga Rajal: I create ds a separate survey just for DMV

\[2024/11/14 22:08\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): OK Jeff

\[2024/11/14 22:08\] Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): What questions do we have already?

\[2024/11/14 22:08\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yes I have that list of questions from you Cuga

\[2024/11/14 22:08\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): trying to pull up past surveys

\[2024/11/14 22:08\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'll get that to you later, Jeff

\[2024/11/14 22:09\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so there's a survey for community on the Octoburn event, and one for department leads too, and Jeff will collate the information and prepare the report to BMP

\[2024/11/14 22:09\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): are we wanting to be able to use our survey results to show trends/metrics yoy? or is it just for feedback?

\[2024/11/14 22:10\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): a little of both I think

\[2024/11/14 22:10\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and things we can work on for next year

\[2024/11/14 22:11\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): what about you guys, how did you enjoy or not enjoy Octoburn?

\[2024/11/14 22:11\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): just casual, informal whatever your thoughts are

\[2024/11/14 22:11\] Huntress Catteneo: surveys will trigger certain parties again

\[2024/11/14 22:11\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): oh sure they will but that's not our problem

\[2024/11/14 22:11\] Huntress Catteneo: use of emails rah rah

\[2024/11/14 22:12\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we will see some positive we may get some negative and some haranguing and whatever

\[2024/11/14 22:12\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we can sort the useful data from the not so useful data

\[2024/11/14 22:12\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): but survey needs to be done non anonymously correct?

\[2024/11/14 22:12\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): so associated with an email?

\[2024/11/14 22:12\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I would like to require some non-anonymous information

\[2024/11/14 22:12\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yes

\[2024/11/14 22:13\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): I think I agree...

\[2024/11/14 22:13\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): although some parties may use bogus email addresses

\[2024/11/14 22:13\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we will just skip those

\[2024/11/14 22:13\] Huntress Catteneo: so standard doc warning you get all over

\[2024/11/14 22:13\] Cuga Rajal: in-world name not enough?

\[2024/11/14 22:13\] Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): We'll probably lose some feedback we want that way too.

\[2024/11/14 22:13\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): no

\[2024/11/14 22:13\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): because of alts who will squeqe the results

\[2024/11/14 22:13\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): fuc can't spell today

\[2024/11/14 22:14\] Cuga Rajal: include a question "Did you attend Octoburn this year and ignore ones that say no

\[2024/11/14 22:14\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Yeah, we should stay away from emails. They have to have a valid SL account name though

\[2024/11/14 22:14\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that could be a good questino, yes because we do want those who actually came

\[2024/11/14 22:14\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so avatar name

\[2024/11/14 22:14\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): feels like at this hour, survey might need it's own meeting?

\[2024/11/14 22:14\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): or email address?

\[2024/11/14 22:14\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): lol

\[2024/11/14 22:14\] Huntress Catteneo: do we grt ones that d not come fill out much?

\[2024/11/14 22:14\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): actually that's the bit I want input about

\[2024/11/14 22:15\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): demand email address or demand valid avatar name?

\[2024/11/14 22:15\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): or both?

\[2024/11/14 22:15\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): we do not need an email.

\[2024/11/14 22:15\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): valid avatar name should be enough.

\[2024/11/14 22:15\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): not demand, just make it mandatory field...

\[2024/11/14 22:15\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we're not going to follow up by email

\[2024/11/14 22:15\] Huntress Catteneo: I always hate giving email anywhere

\[2024/11/14 22:15\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): that way we get away from the mess from the data breach

\[2024/11/14 22:16\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and I can have the form disappear and some overlay text "thank you for your input on this survey! happy day!" whatever...

\[2024/11/14 22:16\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so they wont even need confirmation email

\[2024/11/14 22:16\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): we need some safeguards in place id we are asking for emails

\[2024/11/14 22:16\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we know some people who will use bogus emails

\[2024/11/14 22:16\] Cuga Rajal: Could ask them to list their avatar profile URL or UUID

\[2024/11/14 22:17\] XiledSol: Maybe use some outside survey website instead of our internal server?

\[2024/11/14 22:17\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I like that idea, Cuga

\[2024/11/14 22:17\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): no Xiled

\[2024/11/14 22:17\] Huntress Catteneo: yes

\[2024/11/14 22:17\] Gin (GinHama): we know some ppl that have 20+ alts, lol

\[2024/11/14 22:17\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): profile url/uuid is a great idea

\[2024/11/14 22:17\] Jeff Olhoeft (jolhoeft): Google docs has a decent survey system

\[2024/11/14 22:17\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and it's a way to ensure we are getting a valid avatar

\[2024/11/14 22:17\] Huntress Catteneo: hxve to lay out how to finf it

\[2024/11/14 22:17\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that's easily done, Huntress

\[2024/11/14 22:18\] Huntress Catteneo: yep just saying

\[2024/11/14 22:18\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok since we've pounded on the follow-up and what remains is to get the survey set up and out

\[2024/11/14 22:18\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): good idea cuga and jeff. google has pretty good safeguards on protecting the data.

\[2024/11/14 22:18\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we'll get that done

\[2024/11/14 22:18\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so .....

\[2024/11/14 22:19\] Miranda (MirandaNomad): move to adjurn

\[2024/11/14 22:19\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): if no more questions...anyone want to make a motion to adjourn

\[2024/11/14 22:19\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): great any second?

\[2024/11/14 22:19\] ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): 2nd

\[2024/11/14 22:19\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok and that means we are adjourned 10:19 pm SLT

\[2024/11/14 22:19\] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): thanks for coming all!
