20241208 Burn2 Planning Meeting  
Sunday 08 December 2024  
Deep Hole

ATTENDING:  
Huntress Catteneo  
iSkye Silvercloud  
Lily Von Magic  
Bar Tenk  
Zoren Manray

\[2024/12/08 09:03\]  Leondra Larsson: I put myself down for chairing today's meeting  
\[2024/12/08 09:03\]  Leondra Larsson: hiya, Bar  
\[2024/12/08 09:03\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): OK Leo  
\[2024/12/08 09:03\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Hi Bar\!  
\[2024/12/08 09:03\]  Bar Tenk: Cheers All\! ;)  
\[2024/12/08 09:04\]  Leondra Larsson: shall we get started?  
\[2024/12/08 09:04\]  Huntress Catteneo: oo yes time  
\[2024/12/08 09:04\]  Leondra Larsson: GROUND RULES FOR BURN2 MEETINGS  
 • Participation in Burn2 is entirely voluntary. Please consider carefully if you want to participate and follow the 10 Principles.  
 • All of us, Burners and Leads, have a right to expect respectful dialogue and discussion at meetings in accordance with our CoE.   
 Everyone is entitled to a voice and opinion, but nobody has the right to abuse others and make demands.  
   
 • Anyone who attempts to hijack a meeting, or resorts to negative accusations and insults at others will be warned once by the meeting chair.   
 If they refuse to stop and continue that behavior, at the request of the meeting chair they are liable for ejection from the meeting so the rest of us can get on with business.  
 1\. We follow an agenda at each meeting.  
 Prior to meetings we can add agenda items to the spreadsheet found at:  
\[2024/12/08 09:05\]  Leondra Larsson: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bNQvuCdSkJe\_stP6fEkXxGP4O6f74BB3cELyVqFykNo/edit?gid=2000990634\#gid=2000990634  
\[2024/12/08 09:06\]  Leondra Larsson: I think we all know the rules, but here they are in lump form  
\[2024/12/08 09:06\]  Leondra Larsson: 2\. We take turns.   
 Meetings are conducted in text.  
 NOTE: local chat is recorded by notetakers at meetings, and is often shared between Burn2 leads for informational purposes.   
 If you wish, you can IM the notetaker and ask for your name to be redacted from your comments on meeting notes.  
 Topic discussions can flow freely, but if chat gets too fast or heated, the moderator for the meeting may ask that we slow down.   
 TY all. We need to demonstrate the change we want to see. We all need to try to be extra polite, fair, and truthful to head off the contemptuous behaviors of others. Arguing, making "dare me" statements, or telling others to "shut up", is not the way to make changes. I do not believe we should tolerate that behavior in others or ourselves.  
\[2024/12/08 09:07\]  Leondra Larsson: 1st on the agenda is : Winter Burn Team  
\[2024/12/08 09:07\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): OK  
\[2024/12/08 09:07\]  Leondra Larsson: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DejnvR7986ug4V2kugHI0pbYs52CHXh-T\_oprLUPZvs/edit?gid=1858306730\#gid=1858306730  
\[2024/12/08 09:08\]  Leondra Larsson: is what we have right now  
\[2024/12/08 09:08\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): this doc:  https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ycbfUa5FX68uOPHaFbkq9rPAP9uT-v1wzhqKLMYnx0o/edit?usp=sharing  
\[2024/12/08 09:08\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): your link is from last year, Leo  
\[2024/12/08 09:09\]  Leondra Larsson: yeah.... where is the current one?  
\[2024/12/08 09:09\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I just pasted it in above  
\[2024/12/08 09:10\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I did want to add an item about setting dates for the other events in 2025  
\[2024/12/08 09:10\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): but there are so few of us here today, that perhaps that should be for next Thursday/Sunday meetings?  
\[2024/12/08 09:10\]  Leondra Larsson: OK  
\[2024/12/08 09:10\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): could still look at it if you wish?  
\[2024/12/08 09:10\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): thoughts anyone? I do need to get that info in to BMorg asap  
\[2024/12/08 09:11\]  Huntress Catteneo: next meet  
\[2024/12/08 09:11\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): NExt meeting  
\[2024/12/08 09:11\]  Leondra Larsson: I agree  
\[2024/12/08 09:11\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok  
\[2024/12/08 09:12\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so you see the team is forming up for WB  
\[2024/12/08 09:12\]  Leondra Larsson: any other additions to the agenda? sorr I forgot to ask  
\[2024/12/08 09:12\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we had a couple topics but nothing majorly new about them Thursday night  
\[2024/12/08 09:13\]  Leondra Larsson: I burned my finger on a glue gun, and it is hard to type without that finger:)  
\[2024/12/08 09:13\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): ouch\!  
\[2024/12/08 09:13\]  Huntress Catteneo: ouch  
\[2024/12/08 09:13\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Lamplighters solstice on the 21st, NYE but XiledSol is not here today to talk about his plans for NYE  
\[2024/12/08 09:13\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ugh that's painful  
\[2024/12/08 09:13\]  Bar Tenk: glued to the keyboard?     lol  
\[2024/12/08 09:13\]  Leondra Larsson: LOL no, Bar, was holding an ice cube for awhile  
\[2024/12/08 09:14\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): That is why nobdy lets me have hot glue guns in my family. I am a klutz  
\[2024/12/08 09:14\]  Leondra Larsson: and Xiled wanted Rangers to sign up for help with coverage, I remember  
\[2024/12/08 09:14\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yes he did  
\[2024/12/08 09:15\]  Huntress Catteneo: Zoren doing effigy  
\[2024/12/08 09:15\]  Leondra Larsson: so let's look at the teams for WB  
\[2024/12/08 09:15\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I thought Lily and maybe Jeff? Zoren helping? \- Lily? can you clarify?  
\[2024/12/08 09:15\]  Huntress Catteneo: no NYE  
\[2024/12/08 09:16\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ahh right sorry I thought we were still on WB  
\[2024/12/08 09:16\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): ZOren is doing NYE effigy I believe  
\[2024/12/08 09:16\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yes he is \- I was looking at the current agenda item, sorry for confusion  
\[2024/12/08 09:17\]  Leondra Larsson: np, I was confused, too  
\[2024/12/08 09:17\]  Leondra Larsson: so anything more about NYE?  
\[2024/12/08 09:18\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): not really  
\[2024/12/08 09:18\]  Leondra Larsson: back to WB  
\[2024/12/08 09:18\]  Leondra Larsson: I'll reach out to Miranda and see how we can coordinate  
\[2024/12/08 09:19\]  Leondra Larsson: it will be helpful to have someone who is opposite in time zones to me.  
\[2024/12/08 09:20\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): good point  
\[2024/12/08 09:21\]  Leondra Larsson: so we ARE voting for the WB theme  
\[2024/12/08 09:21\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yep  
\[2024/12/08 09:21\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and already got more than 20 responses Saturday alone  
\[2024/12/08 09:21\]  Leondra Larsson: https://www.burn2.org/favourites-for-wb2025-theme/  
\[2024/12/08 09:21\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): the form closes Wednesday night so if you haven't already voted, please do  
\[2024/12/08 09:22\]  Huntress Catteneo: and tell others  
\[2024/12/08 09:22\]  Leondra Larsson: I was starting to read through... the one about being like a club, bothers me abit, it soungs like commercialism  
\[2024/12/08 09:22\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): YEah looked like that to me too  
\[2024/12/08 09:22\]  Huntress Catteneo: build spots?  
\[2024/12/08 09:22\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): true \- a couple of them, I was asking myself where would there be room for build plots  
\[2024/12/08 09:23\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): but I'm sure the event team will sort out which they think is the best \- the final decision on the theme will be made by them  
\[2024/12/08 09:24\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): there's a lot of interest and many entries are from people who were at Octoburn  
\[2024/12/08 09:24\]  Leondra Larsson: oh, will it?  
\[2024/12/08 09:25\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yes, Leo \- it was Zoren's idea to call for theme ideas, let community vote, then the event team can choose the one that they think works best for the event  
\[2024/12/08 09:25\]  Leondra Larsson: so we, as event team ppl, will see the voting results and choose?  
\[2024/12/08 09:25\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): right  
\[2024/12/08 09:25\]  Leondra Larsson: OK  
\[2024/12/08 09:25\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): form closes Wednesday night, then I will send the results to the team members  
\[2024/12/08 09:26\]  Leondra Larsson: I will be interesting....  
\[2024/12/08 09:26\]  Leondra Larsson: IT  
\[2024/12/08 09:26\]  Leondra Larsson: I'm never that interting  
\[2024/12/08 09:26\]  Leondra Larsson: interesting  
\[2024/12/08 09:26\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): lol  
\[2024/12/08 09:27\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): for other themes I did say I would set up a call for themes for the other events in 2025  
\[2024/12/08 09:27\]  Leondra Larsson: typing w/o your dominate index finger is interesting  
\[2024/12/08 09:27\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so those can be gathered up  
\[2024/12/08 09:27\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we could even look at forming teams for those events as well, this week and next  
\[2024/12/08 09:27\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): get those going  
\[2024/12/08 09:27\]  Leondra Larsson: ok and we will start with those on Thursday, the dates are usually about the same, right?  
\[2024/12/08 09:28\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and set dates  
\[2024/12/08 09:28\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): roughly the same, yes  
\[2024/12/08 09:28\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yep  
\[2024/12/08 09:28\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I think it will give people more to look forward to  
\[2024/12/08 09:29\]  Leondra Larsson: right and start to think about idea/themes... maybe even volunteering...  
\[2024/12/08 09:29\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): last year we had the dates selected before the year-end and it was good because BMorg like to put our planned dates and any info on their calendar as soon as we can get them and before year end is ideal  
\[2024/12/08 09:29\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yes  
\[2024/12/08 09:30\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): they were asking for WB info back in November  
\[2024/12/08 09:31\]  Leondra Larsson: when we look at 2025 dates, maybe we should also do WB 2026  
\[2024/12/08 09:31\]  Leondra Larsson: so at least the date is out there  
\[2024/12/08 09:32\]  Bar Tenk: it's a bit of catch 22...       I mean the theme and teams. right?        eg I like to make the stage as usual ;)     but the "Winter snowglobe"   contains a design already "Main stage is an ice castle with projections that slowly change colors, moods and images. Dance floor is surrounded by ice trees filled with tiny lights."    making it less fun to work with.....   does that mean the the idea-owner will make the stage?  
\[2024/12/08 09:32\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Usuallky a good idea to wait for the dates for RL OCtoburn.  
\[2024/12/08 09:32\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that's the thing that went through my mind with a couple of the theme ideas  
\[2024/12/08 09:32\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we know the dates for RL Octoburn  
\[2024/12/08 09:32\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): for 2026?  
\[2024/12/08 09:33\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): no not 2026 but 2025, yes  
\[2024/12/08 09:33\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I think a year in advance is enough, rather than 2 years  
\[2024/12/08 09:34\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): That is what I was responding to. 2025 is in the bag not 2026, so guesstimating for 2026 is premature  
\[2024/12/08 09:34\]  Leondra Larsson: ok, but BMorg needs to know that we plan for the year so the WB dtae and theme are not really known a year in advance  
\[2024/12/08 09:34\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I agree Lily  
\[2024/12/08 09:34\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I've told them, Leo  
\[2024/12/08 09:34\]  Leondra Larsson: ok  
\[2024/12/08 09:34\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we did plan out our dates for 2024, before the end of 2023  
\[2024/12/08 09:34\]  Leondra Larsson: so let's look at Bar's question  
\[2024/12/08 09:35\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so hopefully we can accomplish that before the end of this year, for 2025  
\[2024/12/08 09:35\]  Huntress Catteneo: Zoren said part of plan was that ppl own their idea and work on as part of team  
\[2024/12/08 09:35\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): True, Huntress, tho some people are just idea people  
\[2024/12/08 09:35\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): they like to suggest ideas then see who wants to run with them  
\[2024/12/08 09:35\]  Huntress Catteneo: yes  
\[2024/12/08 09:35\]  Huntress Catteneo: most are just ideas  
\[2024/12/08 09:36\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): If people feel pressure that if they contribute idea they will have to lead event, we might see some people not come forward with ideas  
\[2024/12/08 09:36\]  Huntress Catteneo: they would not heave to lead  
\[2024/12/08 09:37\]  Huntress Catteneo: but the idea is they take part  
\[2024/12/08 09:37\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Exactly, Lily \- so we don't require them to lead or even volunteer, just encourage them  
\[2024/12/08 09:37\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): If they did not have time to be a part of the event team, though  
\[2024/12/08 09:37\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): maybe they had an idea but RL is too busy for them  
\[2024/12/08 09:37\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we've had cases where someone had an idea, wasn't sure they could actually lead or volunteer  
\[2024/12/08 09:37\]  Huntress Catteneo: Just saying what Zoren was talking about  
\[2024/12/08 09:38\]  Huntress Catteneo: I personally don't care, used to fpl not helping  
\[2024/12/08 09:38\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and sometimes knowing there is someone who is willing to co-lead or volunteer with them, that has experience, can be enough to encourage them to do it  
\[2024/12/08 09:39\]  Bar Tenk: yes I recall Zorens...  opinion/suggestion  ..    I guess the main thing is to get a theme decided... and then a team to run it....            chicken and egg thing  
\[2024/12/08 09:39\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): right \- some say "I want to wait and see what the theme is, then see if i'm inspired enough to volunteer"  
\[2024/12/08 09:40\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): some will volunteer regardless of the theme  
\[2024/12/08 09:40\]  fidneyn: entered the region (84.77 m).  
\[2024/12/08 09:40\]  fidneyn: left the region.  
\[2024/12/08 09:40\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Yes, and some people will not commit without knowing the theme.  
\[2024/12/08 09:40\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we have all sorts of people in this regional  
\[2024/12/08 09:41\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and there's room for the ones who hold back, for the ones who jump in, and all the ones in between :)  
\[2024/12/08 09:41\]  deadjenny: entered the region (84.77 m).  
\[2024/12/08 09:41\]  Leondra Larsson: right, I see no harm in trying it a different way. My concern might be what if the team chooses a theme that did not have the most votes  
\[2024/12/08 09:41\]  deadjenny: left the region.  
\[2024/12/08 09:41\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I would hope the team would choose from perhaps the top 3? but Gin said something about how the team needs to "feel" how they could build to the theme  
\[2024/12/08 09:42\]  Huntress Catteneo: meant to look at the ones on top I thought was idea  
\[2024/12/08 09:42\]  Huntress Catteneo: then pick from those  
\[2024/12/08 09:42\]  Leondra Larsson: that is a good way to view it  
\[2024/12/08 09:42\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): think the community should vote on first round and then the committee picks from those. THat would make more sense  
\[2024/12/08 09:42\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that's pretty much what we are doing  
\[2024/12/08 09:42\]  Huntress Catteneo: that was the plan as I saw it  
\[2024/12/08 09:42\]  Zoren Manray: entered the region (20.95 m).  
\[2024/12/08 09:43\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): the team will see the full list of what was voted, they'll see which ones got most votes  
\[2024/12/08 09:43\]  Leondra Larsson: I see that several ideas from different offerings could still be part of the total view  
\[2024/12/08 09:43\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and they can choose from those  
\[2024/12/08 09:43\]  Bar Tenk: heh    we'll see what happens...   I'm pretty sure that we here will volunteer in in some degree regardless  
\[2024/12/08 09:43\]  Leondra Larsson: and we will always have people who will bring in a forest with a log cabin and pine trees  
\[2024/12/08 09:44\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Well there was one suggestion that said "playa aesthetics need not apply"  
\[2024/12/08 09:44\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): well...  
\[2024/12/08 09:44\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): M2 stipulated at one point that the playa ground should remain visible regardless  
\[2024/12/08 09:44\]  Bar Tenk: do they ever apply for WB?  
\[2024/12/08 09:44\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): mountains part of the scene here  
\[2024/12/08 09:44\]  Leondra Larsson: I find that Playa Aesthetics pushes one's creativity  
\[2024/12/08 09:44\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Think that events outside Octoburn, there is more room for interpretation  
\[2024/12/08 09:44\]  Zoren Manray: that  
\[2024/12/08 09:45\]  Leondra Larsson: hi, Zoren  
\[2024/12/08 09:45\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we do allow more things at the other events  
\[2024/12/08 09:45\]  Bar Tenk: Yeah     boundaries enhances creativity  
\[2024/12/08 09:45\]  Zoren Manray: phone alarm was somewhere else this morning.. hope I jsut forgot it in the car X-P  
\[2024/12/08 09:45\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we've had flying elephants, plots on clouds in the air, "hotter than air" where green gas covered the first number of meters above the playa and everyone's plots were up above that  
\[2024/12/08 09:46\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): playa ground was still visible just those different things were done  
\[2024/12/08 09:46\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): there's a lot of room for creativity within constraints  
\[2024/12/08 09:46\]  Zoren Manray: Really SL doesn't allow us to hide the ground anyway. but we have indeed built above it..  
\[2024/12/08 09:46\]  Huntress Catteneo: primordial was probably most daring  
\[2024/12/08 09:46\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): and can tell you the main complaint from participants was about us being playa aesthetic strict. and hacve had a lot of difficulties enforcing when doing plot checks.  
\[2024/12/08 09:47\]  Bar Tenk: yup    matter of opinions of course    but    if anything goes it's not really BM related  
\[2024/12/08 09:47\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): hotter than air was when we had all plots suspended held up by hot air balloons  
\[2024/12/08 09:47\]  Zoren Manray: not really bar..  
\[2024/12/08 09:47\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): primordial \- M2 saw that and had a cow because terraformed  
\[2024/12/08 09:47\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and said no more terraforming  
\[2024/12/08 09:47\]  Zoren Manray: regionals are all over the world  
\[2024/12/08 09:47\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): even though we could just reset back to default  
\[2024/12/08 09:47\]  Huntress Catteneo: he came round when explained  
\[2024/12/08 09:47\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yeah  
\[2024/12/08 09:48\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we always set back to default, pristine playa after event closes  
\[2024/12/08 09:48\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): EEP reset  
\[2024/12/08 09:48\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): mountains get snow in winter, set to normal after winter  
\[2024/12/08 09:48\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): playa texture, subtle changes \- always reset  
\[2024/12/08 09:49\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we just make sure it's the default for octoburns  
\[2024/12/08 09:49\]  Leondra Larsson: anything else to discuss?  
\[2024/12/08 09:50\]  Leondra Larsson: I propose that the WB team have a Discord Channel so discussions could go on, even beyond time in SL  
\[2024/12/08 09:51\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): ❈...㋡  WeLcOmE BaCK ㋡...❈  
\[2024/12/08 09:51\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): I think   has a channel.  
\[2024/12/08 09:51\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): winterburn  
\[2024/12/08 09:51\]  Leondra Larsson: yes, just, use it  
\[2024/12/08 09:51\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): "stupid gesture trigger  
\[2024/12/08 09:51\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): winterburn 2024 team  
\[2024/12/08 09:52\]  Leondra Larsson: :)  
\[2024/12/08 09:52\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): could probably rename that to just winterburn team? then remove/add people as needed for that channel?  
\[2024/12/08 09:52\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): same for other events?  
\[2024/12/08 09:52\]  Leondra Larsson: so theme voting ends on Wednesday?  
\[2024/12/08 09:52\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): wednesday night  
\[2024/12/08 09:52\]  Bar Tenk: it works fine like that in discord yes..   i think ;)  
\[2024/12/08 09:53\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I can send the results right after it closes, on a google sheet, send link to team members  
\[2024/12/08 09:53\]  Leondra Larsson: the team will need to meet to choose a theme  
\[2024/12/08 09:53\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): you guys can figure out how to do the deciding :)  
\[2024/12/08 09:53\]  Leondra Larsson: and I am out of town next weekend.  
\[2024/12/08 09:54\]  Leondra Larsson: but yes, The team will need to decide  
\[2024/12/08 09:54\]  Leondra Larsson: I will send a note card and Discord IM to Miranda, and we will coordinate. Then with the entire team  
\[2024/12/08 09:55\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): sounds great\!  
\[2024/12/08 09:55\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): are we done?  
\[2024/12/08 09:56\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Motion to adjourn  
\[2024/12/08 09:56\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'll second  
\[2024/12/08 09:56\]  Leondra Larsson: OK mtg is adjourned:)  
\[2024/12/08 09:57\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): TIme stamp:  9:57 AM  
