
# 20241215 Burn2 Planning Meeting

## Sunday, 15 December 2024

### Deep Hole

## ATTENDING:

* iSkye Silvercloud
* Huntress Catteneo
* Gin
* Lily Von Magic
* Bee
* Bar Tenk
* Zoren Manray
* Suzie
* Ural Arado



\[2024/12/15 09:08\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Good morning everyone.  OR good evening.  I will be chairing this morning's meeting.

\[2024/12/15 09:08\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): We'll start with ground rules

\[2024/12/15 09:09\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: GROUND RULES FOR BURN2 MEETINGS

\[2024/12/15 09:09\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: • Participation in Burn2 is entirely voluntary. Please consider carefully if you want to participate and follow the 10 Principles.

\[2024/12/15 09:09\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: • All of us, Burners and Leads, have a right to expect respectful dialogue and discussion at meetings in accordance with our CoE. 

\[2024/12/15 09:09\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: Everyone is entitled to a voice and opinion, but nobody has the right to abuse others and make demands.

\[2024/12/15 09:09\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: • Anyone who attempts to hijack a meeting, or resorts to negative accusations and insults at others will be warned once by the meeting chair. 

\[2024/12/15 09:09\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: If they refuse to stop and continue that behaviour, at the request of the meeting chair they are liable for ejection from the meeting so the rest of us can get on with business.

\[2024/12/15 09:09\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: 1. We follow an agenda at each meeting.

\[2024/12/15 09:09\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: Prior to meetings we can add agenda items to the spreadsheet found at: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bNQvuCdSkJe_stP6fEkXxGP4O6f74BB3cELyVqFykNo/edit?usp=sharing

\[2024/12/15 09:10\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: Just find the tab at the bottom for the current month & day of week.

\[2024/12/15 09:10\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: If available, a link to the notes from the previous week's meeting can be found in the first column of that sheet.

\[2024/12/15 09:10\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: At the beginning of each meeting, there will be opportunity to add anything that needs to be discussed, to the agenda.

\[2024/12/15 09:10\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: Once we agree to start the meeting, NO MORE ITEMS should be added to the agenda for the current meeting.

\[2024/12/15 09:10\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: 2. We take turns. 

\[2024/12/15 09:10\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: Meetings are conducted in text.

\[2024/12/15 09:10\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: NOTE: local chat is recorded by notetakers at meetings, and is often shared between Burn2 leads for informational purposes. 

\[2024/12/15 09:10\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: If you wish, you can IM the notetaker and ask for your name to be redacted from your comments on meeting notes.

\[2024/12/15 09:10\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: Topic discussions can flow freely, but if chat gets too fast or heated, the moderator for the meeting may ask that we slow down. 

\[2024/12/15 09:10\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: 3. If things get out of control:

\[2024/12/15 09:10\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: We will ask everyone to slow down, and do this: 

\[2024/12/15 09:10\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident:     a. Use COMMENT or QUESTION in local chat when you would like to say something or ask a question.

\[2024/12/15 09:10\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident:     b. Please wait to be called on so everyone gets a turn.

\[2024/12/15 09:11\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: PLEASE be respectful and considerate of your fellow Burners.

\[2024/12/15 09:11\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: Insulting or inflammatory language is not part of the Ten Principles!

\[2024/12/15 09:11\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): Hi Huntress

\[2024/12/15 09:11\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: We have important things to talk about and decide, and limited time to do it.

\[2024/12/15 09:11\]  LilyVonSchtupp Resident: THANK YOU for helping to have GREAT meetings!

\[2024/12/15 09:12\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Items on agenda are  Cancel meeting 22nd or 29th?, Gifts Tent YEar-end cleanup, and Winterburn update

\[2024/12/15 09:13\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bNQvuCdSkJe_stP6fEkXxGP4O6f74BB3cELyVqFykNo/edit?gid=2000990634#gid=2000990634]

\[2024/12/15 09:14\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Okay who has first topic?

\[2024/12/15 09:14\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I do

\[2024/12/15 09:14\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Okay.

\[2024/12/15 09:14\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): you have the floor

\[2024/12/15 09:15\]  Huntress Catteneo: brb need drink

\[2024/12/15 09:15\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Thanks - I brought this up last Thursday night, asking about the holidays period

\[2024/12/15 09:15\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and we talked about canceling the meetings around that time

\[2024/12/15 09:15\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): the agreement was to cancel the 26th meeting - that's the Thursday after xmas day

\[2024/12/15 09:16\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and then asked about cancelling the meetings on either the 22nd or 29th, the Sunday meetings and the suggestion was to bring that here and let the Sunday folks decide

\[2024/12/15 09:16\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): can cancel one, the other, or even both - up to you guys

\[2024/12/15 09:16\]  Bar Tenk: Makes sense to cancel both yes...  big travel days (sundays)        I vote yes    if only one    then 22nd is off

\[2024/12/15 09:16\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): I have no problem canceling them.  A lot of people will be busy.

\[2024/12/15 09:17\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'll wait til everyone responds

\[2024/12/15 09:17\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): I'll vote to cancel both

\[2024/12/15 09:17\]  Gin (GinHama): it dose not matter to me, i do christmas in january, lol

\[2024/12/15 09:17\]  Bee (BeekeeperWes): I will go with the flow

\[2024/12/15 09:18\]  Zoren Manray: I'll abstain.. as I show up to both days of the week it dodn't matter as much to me.. and i could make either weekend

\[2024/12/15 09:18\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): anyone else?

\[2024/12/15 09:19\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): Huntress is away

\[2024/12/15 09:19\]  Huntress Catteneo: back

\[2024/12/15 09:19\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): wb  °͜°

\[2024/12/15 09:19\]  Gin (GinHama): wb

\[2024/12/15 09:19\]  Huntress Catteneo: but drink not worked damnit

\[2024/12/15 09:19\]  Huntress Catteneo: ummm meetings

\[2024/12/15 09:20\]  Huntress Catteneo: no to day after 25

\[2024/12/15 09:20\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yep - question is cancel the Sunday meetings on the 22nd, 29th, or both?

\[2024/12/15 09:20\]  Bar Tenk: heh   in out tmz  we can drink now Huntress ;)   I'm doing Gløgg    warm spiced redwine

\[2024/12/15 09:20\]  Huntress Catteneo: was that it?

\[2024/12/15 09:20\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Huntress:  should we cancel the 22nd, 29th, or both?  those are Sunday dates

\[2024/12/15 09:21\]  Huntress Catteneo: at this right I will still be bloody sick

\[2024/12/15 09:21\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): :(

\[2024/12/15 09:21\]  Huntress Catteneo: not worried about 29

\[2024/12/15 09:21\]  Huntress Catteneo: happily cancwl 22 but ca do it

\[2024/12/15 09:22\]  Huntress Catteneo: far out brb

\[2024/12/15 09:22\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'm totally fine with canceling both Sundays so that's my vote

\[2024/12/15 09:22\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): what's majority, anyone counted?

\[2024/12/15 09:23\]  Zoren Manray: sounds like consensus was either just 22nd or both days.

\[2024/12/15 09:23\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that's not a consensus... let's see if we can get to one

\[2024/12/15 09:23\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so either 22nd or both?

\[2024/12/15 09:23\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): both

\[2024/12/15 09:23\]  Bar Tenk: does the WB team need a meeting at 29 ?

\[2024/12/15 09:24\]  Gin (GinHama): ok so lets just cancel them unless someone wants to run / chair them.

\[2024/12/15 09:24\]  Bar Tenk: both   22 and 29

\[2024/12/15 09:24\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): WB team can meet anytime, don't have to be on those dates

\[2024/12/15 09:24\]  Huntress Catteneo: back

\[2024/12/15 09:24\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): both

\[2024/12/15 09:24\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so Bar is both, Suzie is both

\[2024/12/15 09:24\]  Huntress Catteneo: both is fine

\[2024/12/15 09:24\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Huntress is both

\[2024/12/15 09:24\]  Gin (GinHama): both

\[2024/12/15 09:24\]  Huntress Catteneo: nice holiday break

\[2024/12/15 09:24\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Gin, both

\[2024/12/15 09:25\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): anyone else?  2nd or both?

\[2024/12/15 09:25\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): oop - 22nd or both

\[2024/12/15 09:25\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): four for both

\[2024/12/15 09:25\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'll be 5th

\[2024/12/15 09:25\]  Huntress Catteneo: counted me?

\[2024/12/15 09:26\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yes Huntress

\[2024/12/15 09:26\]  Huntress Catteneo: ok

\[2024/12/15 09:26\]  Zoren Manray: and I again have no problem with whatever as I show up both weekdays

\[2024/12/15 09:26\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Lily?

\[2024/12/15 09:26\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): I said both

\[2024/12/15 09:26\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): oh sorry yes

\[2024/12/15 09:26\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): Bee vote?

\[2024/12/15 09:26\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): pokes Bee

\[2024/12/15 09:27\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Bee might be afk

\[2024/12/15 09:27\]  Bar Tenk: poking the beehive   ....tsss

\[2024/12/15 09:28\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Bee last said "go with the flow"

\[2024/12/15 09:28\]  Bar Tenk: well     sounds like a majority is counted on canceling both ?

\[2024/12/15 09:28\]  Gin (GinHama): i think Bee is looking for bacon and beer :)

\[2024/12/15 09:28\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): OK shall we say cancel both then?

\[2024/12/15 09:28\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): hope he's not writing a letter to his congressman

\[2024/12/15 09:29\]  Gin (GinHama): [09:17\] Bee: I will go with the flow

\[2024/12/15 09:29\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): sounds like majority

\[2024/12/15 09:29\]  Bar Tenk: Ayes have it

\[2024/12/15 09:29\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): OK I will mark that on the calendar, thanks. Done with the topic, floor back to Lily

\[2024/12/15 09:29\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Thanks, iSkye

\[2024/12/15 09:29\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Next topic is Gifts Tent YEar-end cleanup

\[2024/12/15 09:30\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): who has that one?

\[2024/12/15 09:30\]  Huntress Catteneo: that would be me

\[2024/12/15 09:30\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): you have the floor

\[2024/12/15 09:30\]  Huntress Catteneo: like to do a clean out start fresh with the new year

\[2024/12/15 09:31\]  Huntress Catteneo: there is stuff that breaks the rules, old stuff, old themes

\[2024/12/15 09:32\]  Huntress Catteneo: really needs a restart

\[2024/12/15 09:32\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): We don't currently have a gifts curator who would really handle that

\[2024/12/15 09:32\]  Huntress Catteneo: I am happy to get it set with new year

\[2024/12/15 09:33\]  Bee (BeekeeperWes): Pile it up and burn it

\[2024/12/15 09:33\]  Huntress Catteneo: send msg to ppl saying stuff returning but feel free to do new things

\[2024/12/15 09:33\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I like that idea

\[2024/12/15 09:33\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Think you are right

\[2024/12/15 09:34\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): time to freshen things up

\[2024/12/15 09:34\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): If you need help, let me know

\[2024/12/15 09:34\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): there are some gifts that are 'timeless' - and some that are clearly old, and could be either updated or just removed

\[2024/12/15 09:34\]  Huntress Catteneo: some stuff has links to sims not here ar Oct oriented

\[2024/12/15 09:34\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): there are some cool things there

\[2024/12/15 09:34\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): I can help inventory what we have

\[2024/12/15 09:35\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): do we have a spreadsheet already somewhere listing them?

\[2024/12/15 09:35\]  Huntress Catteneo: just checking if folk are happy for it to be done and then if happy for me to do

\[2024/12/15 09:35\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I don't think Huntress is proposing to remove everything - just the ones that she described, as clearly old, outdated, not within rules (off-playa links, etc.)

\[2024/12/15 09:35\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): right, Huntress?

\[2024/12/15 09:36\]  Huntress Catteneo: no matter what there will be some unhappy ppl

\[2024/12/15 09:36\]  Huntress Catteneo: mm like 2022 NYE hat

\[2024/12/15 09:36\]  Gin (GinHama): i say go for it Huntress, get copy's of everything and them return what needs to be returned.

\[2024/12/15 09:36\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): that is why it would be good to inventory before deleting or sending back.  obvious outdated stuff. no problem

\[2024/12/15 09:37\]  Gin (GinHama): yes Lily

\[2024/12/15 09:37\]  Huntress Catteneo: ok that is it for me

\[2024/12/15 09:37\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yes that should be gifts curator's responsibility so it would be nice to have someone able to do that

\[2024/12/15 09:37\]  Huntress Catteneo: happy job to fill

\[2024/12/15 09:37\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): otherwise piling more and more work on a few people

\[2024/12/15 09:37\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): don't just send back stuff. that is my only recommendation.

\[2024/12/15 09:38\]  Huntress Catteneo: not by me :)

\[2024/12/15 09:38\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): like iSkye said, some of the old things are timeless

\[2024/12/15 09:38\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so Huntress were you saying you would do the year end cleanup but want someone else to take it on going forward?

\[2024/12/15 09:38\]  Huntress Catteneo: yep

\[2024/12/15 09:38\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'm all for that

\[2024/12/15 09:39\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): I am for it as long as we know what we are getting rid of and keeping.

\[2024/12/15 09:39\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): agreed

\[2024/12/15 09:40\]  Bar Tenk: well   we could keep it all    and only put the curated on display...  those that offered them might not feel valued if they are returned

\[2024/12/15 09:40\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): It is rude to just return stuff.

\[2024/12/15 09:40\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): some of the things in the gift area are in the Greeters backpack too

\[2024/12/15 09:41\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): one of the things is that we've had people in access put down their gifts at the tent, and hit the share box so the gifts curator could move those things around as needed

\[2024/12/15 09:41\]  Zoren Manray: well though to a point aftera few years it can become outdated.

\[2024/12/15 09:41\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ideally they could be given to PlayaDustAngel who could then put them out and remove as needed

\[2024/12/15 09:41\]  Huntress Catteneo: ok headed down the oh no road so I will just list what needs going and table it

\[2024/12/15 09:41\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): only by date, not by how fun or useful

\[2024/12/15 09:42\]  Bar Tenk: still   we should value the contribution ...    keep it all...  perhaps a (eternally delayed) expo of them all....

\[2024/12/15 09:42\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Think going forward, tracking of gifts put out would be a good idea, that way we can rotate things out of the display.  Listing all items,

\[2024/12/15 09:42\]  Zoren Manray: heh could have a dispenser of all the old stuff

\[2024/12/15 09:43\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): random old gifts giver?

\[2024/12/15 09:43\]  Zoren Manray: the dumpster could do that

\[2024/12/15 09:43\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): if doable, add them to the dumpster gift giver

\[2024/12/15 09:43\]  Huntress Catteneo: have dumpster for that

\[2024/12/15 09:43\]  Huntress Catteneo: just put there

\[2024/12/15 09:43\]  Bee (BeekeeperWes): The way that Artcar rez works is pretty cool

\[2024/12/15 09:44\]  Bee (BeekeeperWes): Click through the photos

\[2024/12/15 09:44\]  Bar Tenk: Good idea Zoren         so they'd still be there   offered   just not on main display       dumpster may not be the inclusive word though ;)

\[2024/12/15 09:44\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): sort of a vendor - click through the photos, pick what you want, it gives you?  that sort of thing?

\[2024/12/15 09:44\]  Zoren Manray: not the most inclusive word but it's burning man we tend to be a bit crude at times.

\[2024/12/15 09:44\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): I like that idea

\[2024/12/15 09:45\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): dumpster is actually fun

\[2024/12/15 09:45\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): MOOPerator

\[2024/12/15 09:45\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): like a box of chocolates, you never know what you'll get

\[2024/12/15 09:45\]  Zoren Manray: oh no dirt filled again :/

\[2024/12/15 09:45\]  Gin (GinHama): i like that idea

\[2024/12/15 09:46\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): I like the gift rezzer idea, with a picture

\[2024/12/15 09:46\]  Bee (BeekeeperWes): The square ones a Carmel and the odd shapes are nuts

\[2024/12/15 09:46\]  Huntress Catteneo: who is paying for snap?

\[2024/12/15 09:46\]  Bar Tenk: curated on display      rezzer for back catalog

\[2024/12/15 09:46\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Huntress has a good point

\[2024/12/15 09:46\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): someone has to take photos, upload - costs lindens

\[2024/12/15 09:47\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): simplest way might be best

\[2024/12/15 09:47\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we already have the dumpster, we could just add to that

\[2024/12/15 09:48\]  Zoren Manray: yeah name listing would be easier for most.. though there is some awesome stuff someone might want to take a picture of.

\[2024/12/15 09:48\]  Gin (GinHama): lets keep it simple

\[2024/12/15 09:48\]  Bee (BeekeeperWes): What if you put everything in a folder and just give the whole folder as past gifts?

\[2024/12/15 09:49\]  Huntress Catteneo: hell no

\[2024/12/15 09:49\]  Bee (BeekeeperWes): Lol

\[2024/12/15 09:49\]  Huntress Catteneo: that is a great way to piss ppl off

\[2024/12/15 09:49\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): get a few dozen in a folder, oy

\[2024/12/15 09:49\]  Bee (BeekeeperWes): That's nothing new for me ;)

\[2024/12/15 09:49\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): box them up

\[2024/12/15 09:49\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that's even more box of chocolates hehe

\[2024/12/15 09:49\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): 1 box with previous gifts

\[2024/12/15 09:50\]  Huntress Catteneo: what problem do ppl have with dumpster?

\[2024/12/15 09:50\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): I think they need to made available somehow

\[2024/12/15 09:50\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I thought the point of the dumpster was sort of what we have been talking about

\[2024/12/15 09:50\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Think I can create a hud to give that they can click on to unbox only the items they wat

\[2024/12/15 09:50\]  Bee (BeekeeperWes): Click the dumpers for a list or search?

\[2024/12/15 09:50\]  Gin (GinHama): maybe box them up by year or event?

\[2024/12/15 09:51\]  Bee (BeekeeperWes): Sort by year is cool

\[2024/12/15 09:51\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): lots of different ideas

\[2024/12/15 09:51\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): I have some scripts I can do that with

\[2024/12/15 09:51\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): put the older gifts into the dumpster

\[2024/12/15 09:51\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): keep fresh ones in the tent

\[2024/12/15 09:51\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Happy to do it rather than just throw everything in the dumnpster

\[2024/12/15 09:51\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): or timeless ones

\[2024/12/15 09:52\]  Huntress Catteneo: speaking of time

\[2024/12/15 09:52\]  Bee (BeekeeperWes): I got the beer

\[2024/12/15 09:52\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): next item on agenda Winterburn updates

\[2024/12/15 09:53\]  Bar Tenk: .theme..     theme...theme...  ??

\[2024/12/15 09:53\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so status on the Winter Burn theme decision - Miranda said there were a top 3

\[2024/12/15 09:53\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): but no word on which is decided

\[2024/12/15 09:53\]  Bar Tenk: awww....   : (

\[2024/12/15 09:54\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Leo, Miranda and the event team will have to decide that is my understanding

\[2024/12/15 09:54\]  Huntress Catteneo: the top one is lag hell for anyone with low graphics comps

\[2024/12/15 09:54\]  Gin (GinHama): ok who all is on the team?

\[2024/12/15 09:54\]  Zoren Manray: well it doesn't have to be particle arouras

\[2024/12/15 09:55\]  Huntress Catteneo: light and glow

\[2024/12/15 09:55\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ycbfUa5FX68uOPHaFbkq9rPAP9uT-v1wzhqKLMYnx0o/edit?usp=sharing]

\[2024/12/15 09:55\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): event team is above the red line

\[2024/12/15 09:56\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Aurora Mystica was people's and committe's choice I believe. I see there is a calendar request under that name

\[2024/12/15 09:57\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): hm?

\[2024/12/15 09:57\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Did oyu see the calendar request from MIranda, iSkye?

\[2024/12/15 09:57\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I might have missed that

\[2024/12/15 09:57\]  Huntress Catteneo: committe's choice?

\[2024/12/15 09:57\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): can you point me to it?

\[2024/12/15 09:57\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): She submitted it on Thursday.

\[2024/12/15 09:57\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): I got an email alert

\[2024/12/15 09:58\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): New event: B2 Winter Burn: Aurora Mystica: Lights of Connection @ Fri Jan 24 - Sun Jan 26, 2025 (Burner Online Events)

\[2024/12/15 09:58\]  Huntress Catteneo: when did commitee decide?

\[2024/12/15 09:58\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I did not get that

\[2024/12/15 09:58\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so the committee already met and decided that?

\[2024/12/15 09:59\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): dec 12 is when I got email

\[2024/12/15 09:59\]  Huntress Catteneo: I must have missed that

\[2024/12/15 09:59\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): I jsut assumed it was if a calendar request was put in

\[2024/12/15 09:59\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I got no such email. Will have to ask Miranda to add me to that notification so I get them, going forward

\[2024/12/15 09:59\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I did not get any such request, just checked email twice

\[2024/12/15 09:59\]  Huntress Catteneo: wonder if anyone else missed

\[2024/12/15 10:00\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so the committee already met?

\[2024/12/15 10:01\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): anyone?

\[2024/12/15 10:01\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): check google calendar

\[2024/12/15 10:01\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'm trying to figure out why I didn't get a notification but I'll ask Miranda about it

\[2024/12/15 10:01\]  Huntress Catteneo: was that straight after Thurs meeing?

\[2024/12/15 10:01\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): that is where it was.

\[2024/12/15 10:01\]  Huntress Catteneo: the meeting?

\[2024/12/15 10:02\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): be nice if the committee let the rest of us know what the theme will be

\[2024/12/15 10:02\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): it is on the Burner Online events calendar

\[2024/12/15 10:02\]  Huntress Catteneo: when was the committee meeting?

\[2024/12/15 10:02\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Thank you Lily. I will have to find out why I didn't get any notification for that.

\[2024/12/15 10:03\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Not sure. I got it. Thought you did too.

\[2024/12/15 10:03\]  Bar Tenk: hmm well  hick-ups happens    can it be confirmed?    iSkye needs to tell BMP asap

\[2024/12/15 10:03\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yes, I do

\[2024/12/15 10:03\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we will also need to work out dates for the other events in 2025 and that is also an ASAPO

\[2024/12/15 10:03\]  Huntress Catteneo: nice to be inclisive

\[2024/12/15 10:03\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): but we haven't been able to get that sorted

\[2024/12/15 10:04\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): No, I did not get any notifications for that online events calendar

\[2024/12/15 10:04\]  Zoren Manray: yeah we should jsut lock in the dates and then choose themes ASAP before or after winterburn.

\[2024/12/15 10:05\]  Zoren Manray: heck taking suggestiosn for BE and conception nearly now would not be a bid idea

\[2024/12/15 10:05\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): yeah.

\[2024/12/15 10:05\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I will tell BMP that we won't have dates or themes for the other events in 2025 until January 2025.

\[2024/12/15 10:05\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): they won't be happy as they would really like to list us on their calendar so we get some visibility as a regional but c'est la vie

\[2024/12/15 10:06\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so since the theme has been decided I will start on notices for the event

\[2024/12/15 10:06\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and corresponding signups etc.

\[2024/12/15 10:06\]  Huntress Catteneo: decided by who knows who

\[2024/12/15 10:07\]  Bar Tenk: ...@Lily    can it be confirmed?

\[2024/12/15 10:07\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'm sensing some confusion about who decided the theme?

\[2024/12/15 10:07\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): so is this the theme;  Aurora Mystica: Lights of Connection

\[2024/12/15 10:08\]  Bar Tenk: Aurora Mystica: Lights of Connection
 ..
 is set?

\[2024/12/15 10:08\]  Huntress Catteneo: apparently

\[2024/12/15 10:08\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): yes.  maybe a good idea to go back through the original votes

\[2024/12/15 10:08\]  Huntress Catteneo: was top 3

\[2024/12/15 10:08\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): the idea was that the votes from the community would be collected

\[2024/12/15 10:08\]  Huntress Catteneo: not highest

\[2024/12/15 10:08\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): then the event team would look at the votes, see perhaps the top 3

\[2024/12/15 10:08\]  Bar Tenk: Great ;)   just want to be sure we don't run with rumors

\[2024/12/15 10:08\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): do we have the link to the original vote tally?

\[2024/12/15 10:08\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and then the event team would decide together which of those top ones was to be the choice

\[2024/12/15 10:09\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I passed that information to Leo and Miranda

\[2024/12/15 10:09\]  Huntress Catteneo: were you not at the meeting Bar?

\[2024/12/15 10:09\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): they were to share that with the event team

\[2024/12/15 10:09\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and make that decision

\[2024/12/15 10:09\]  Bar Tenk: yes   as I recall it too...  not that vote itself   but the lead teams choice based on the top votes?

\[2024/12/15 10:09\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): let me see if I kept the meeting trasncript from Thursday. Hang on

\[2024/12/15 10:09\]  Huntress Catteneo: I mean the WB committee team meet

\[2024/12/15 10:10\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): there was a top 3

\[2024/12/15 10:10\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): so as of now we don't know what the theme is, right?

\[2024/12/15 10:10\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): well according to an online calendar the theme is the Aurora Mystica one

\[2024/12/15 10:10\]  Huntress Catteneo: as I said for my the top one is lag hell

\[2024/12/15 10:11\]  Bar Tenk: @huntress     I think I might have been    just not sure if there were other meetings with other decisions ..   no biggie    as long as the lead team feels good about a theme   we're game on ;)

\[2024/12/15 10:11\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): I didn't keep notes on THursday for some reason. So I supposed we weill ahve to reach out to Leo and Miranda

\[2024/12/15 10:11\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): the chatlog is up on the agenda sheet from last Thursday

\[2024/12/15 10:12\]  Huntress Catteneo: not all team are happy

\[2024/12/15 10:12\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): if the event team were not part of the decision perhaps the members of that team should contact Leo and Miranda?

\[2024/12/15 10:13\]  Bar Tenk: hmm   but we need a decision...   some time ago really..      even a lees optimal decision is better then none at this point

\[2024/12/15 10:13\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'll hold off on notices until I hear from MIranda or Leo on the decision

\[2024/12/15 10:13\]  Bar Tenk: ..well   my 5 cents ;)

\[2024/12/15 10:14\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): I need to send a notice to the Fashionistas group with the theme

\[2024/12/15 10:14\]  Huntress Catteneo: I am never a fan of being steamrolled but whatever for speed I guess

\[2024/12/15 10:14\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): [2024/12/12 21:11\]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): Looks like we have a winnner...
 [2024/12/12 21:12\]  freia (Freia Guillaume): drum roll
 [2024/12/12 21:12\]  Huntress Catteneo: not down to highest pick though?
 [2024/12/12 21:12\]  freia (Freia Guillaume): no clue Huntress
 [2024/12/12 21:12\]  freia (Freia Guillaume): just being a pain
 [2024/12/12 21:12\]  Gin (GinHama): what are the top 3
 [2024/12/12 21:12\]  Miranda (MirandaNomad): Aurora Mystica took it with 17 votes

\[2024/12/15 10:15\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): go a bit further, Lily

\[2024/12/15 10:15\]  Huntress Catteneo: that is not all

\[2024/12/15 10:15\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): So, should we create another poll with the top three and just send the link to the event leads?

\[2024/12/15 10:15\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and remember that Leo was not at that meeting - so have Miranda and Leo discussed this as well?

\[2024/12/15 10:16\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Might be easiest.

\[2024/12/15 10:16\]  Huntress Catteneo: so there was not a meeting

\[2024/12/15 10:16\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): nope.

\[2024/12/15 10:16\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): https://gyazo.com/8165933c80265f6751c5b0bb00141c72 no theme is mentioned on the event calendar

\[2024/12/15 10:16\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): the event team should be discussing and deciding together

\[2024/12/15 10:17\]  Zoren Manray: yeah but they need to decided THIS WEEK or yeah jut take the top voted selection.

\[2024/12/15 10:17\]  Huntress Catteneo: well I am only against top one, either other don't care was to be my input

\[2024/12/15 10:17\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): we may have a hard time getting a time when everyone together. can we just do a poll to the event leads? I agree event leads should have final say.

\[2024/12/15 10:17\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): they were supposed to be discussing it together as an event team

\[2024/12/15 10:17\]  Huntress Catteneo: yep

\[2024/12/15 10:17\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): department leads or event team, Lily?

\[2024/12/15 10:17\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): both?

\[2024/12/15 10:18\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): event team is what it says

\[2024/12/15 10:18\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): only event team.  since they are ones putting it on

\[2024/12/15 10:18\]  Zoren Manray: yeah consensus is not voting.. would be good if they all had a discussion but failing that just make a poll.

\[2024/12/15 10:18\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): taht would include Huntress, Bar, Magi, Gin, Leo and Miranda

\[2024/12/15 10:18\]  Bar Tenk: AH?   thought it was the leads?

\[2024/12/15 10:18\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): From what was originally decided final say would be from Event leadsw, not department leads

\[2024/12/15 10:18\]  Zoren Manray: *not just voting

\[2024/12/15 10:18\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and Lily of course

\[2024/12/15 10:19\]  Huntress Catteneo: poll mean no need to stuggle tp get together

\[2024/12/15 10:19\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): event team:  Leo & Miranda
 Magi 
 Lily - Stage Manager
 Gin
 Lily (Jeff?)
 Bar Tenk
 Huntress Catteneo

\[2024/12/15 10:19\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): no.  multiple discussions say it was event leads.

\[2024/12/15 10:19\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I am not sure if Jeff has committed to helping with the effigy, Lily?

\[2024/12/15 10:19\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): No, he has not.  But ZOren has kindly offered to help if needed

\[2024/12/15 10:20\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Right, ZOren?

\[2024/12/15 10:20\]  Zoren Manray: yeah I mentioned that to Lilly in a side comment thajt if consultation is needed I could help

\[2024/12/15 10:20\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Any consulting is greatly appreciated.

\[2024/12/15 10:21\]  Zoren Manray: ^.^

\[2024/12/15 10:21\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I see side comment, that explains why we weren't aware. Shall I add your name to the list as that means you will be part of the event team as a consultant on the effigy

\[2024/12/15 10:21\]  Bar Tenk: Yes   "Event leads" as I understood it...  but if the entire team is in on it.... I'll abstain from opinion to get it moving faster...  we need decision  not debate now

\[2024/12/15 10:21\]  Zoren Manray: yes you may

\[2024/12/15 10:21\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Thanks, ZOren :)

\[2024/12/15 10:21\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): took Jeff out as he hasn't committed

\[2024/12/15 10:21\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): can always add him later

\[2024/12/15 10:22\]  Zoren Manray: yep

\[2024/12/15 10:22\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so event teamL: poll, decide, let us know

\[2024/12/15 10:22\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): yep. that sounds better.

\[2024/12/15 10:23\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): awesome.

\[2024/12/15 10:23\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): how soon can we know then?

\[2024/12/15 10:23\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): ❈...㋡  WeLcOmE BaCK ㋡...❈

\[2024/12/15 10:23\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): should we do a poll in   DIscord channel?

\[2024/12/15 10:23\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): sorry  in WInterburn channel

\[2024/12/15 10:24\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): just don't use carrier peignoir

\[2024/12/15 10:24\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): htink all the event leads are in there

\[2024/12/15 10:24\]  Gin (GinHama): i'll need a invite for WB channel

\[2024/12/15 10:24\]  Bar Tenk: "Event Lead:    Leo & Miranda"    ..so they are not the decider's?

\[2024/12/15 10:24\]  Huntress Catteneo: was said all above red

\[2024/12/15 10:24\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I thought it was to be discussed by the event TEAM

\[2024/12/15 10:24\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): event team

\[2024/12/15 10:24\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): I believe

\[2024/12/15 10:25\]  Huntress Catteneo: yes team

\[2024/12/15 10:25\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): yes

\[2024/12/15 10:25\]  Bar Tenk: ...ok  my bad  sorry

\[2024/12/15 10:25\]  Huntress Catteneo: so you are team Bar

\[2024/12/15 10:25\]  Zoren Manray: they lead discussion on the consensus so they do have allot of sway.. that's why I kept looking to them in prior talks about it.

\[2024/12/15 10:25\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Guess I just got confused because MIranda sent me a calendar appointment on it. My apologies for any confusion

\[2024/12/15 10:26\]  Huntress Catteneo: np

\[2024/12/15 10:26\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): just let me know and I'll get the comms ball rolling

\[2024/12/15 10:26\]  Bar Tenk: hmm  so we already have a learning form this .. new procedure ...   it slows theme selection

\[2024/12/15 10:26\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): roll it on out.  let's go event theme bowling

\[2024/12/15 10:27\]  Huntress Catteneo: just not realised how to do

\[2024/12/15 10:27\]  Huntress Catteneo: is that al"?

\[2024/12/15 10:27\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): when there is change it sometimes just takes time to work out the kinks

\[2024/12/15 10:27\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'm just making sure we are following through on how it was previously said it would be done

\[2024/12/15 10:27\]  Bar Tenk: hehe  kinks   yeah ;))

\[2024/12/15 10:27\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): LOL

\[2024/12/15 10:27\]  Gin (GinHama): we need someone to organize the organizers

\[2024/12/15 10:27\]  Huntress Catteneo: I have many of those

\[2024/12/15 10:28\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and yes kinks happen, easy enough to straighten them out and then we are back on track :)

\[2024/12/15 10:28\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Final poll to the event team and hopefully have it wrapped up with a bow before CHristmas.

\[2024/12/15 10:28\]  Huntress Catteneo: a couple of days

\[2024/12/15 10:28\]  Huntress Catteneo: all that is needed

\[2024/12/15 10:28\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): the sooner the better

\[2024/12/15 10:28\]  Zoren Manray: yeah like thursday

\[2024/12/15 10:29\]  Huntress Catteneo: yep by Thurs

\[2024/12/15 10:29\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): shouldn't take long - then announce at Thursday meeting?

\[2024/12/15 10:29\]  Zoren Manray: yeah

\[2024/12/15 10:29\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): yeah. that sounds fair.

\[2024/12/15 10:29\]  Huntress Catteneo: sounds good

\[2024/12/15 10:29\]  Bar Tenk: So...   "invite for WB channel"    and the top 3 themes ...   to be debated quickly in discord?

\[2024/12/15 10:29\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): send a notice as soon as it's agreed on

\[2024/12/15 10:29\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): or at least inform the department leads so they can get started on their various support activities

\[2024/12/15 10:30\]  Huntress Catteneo: I could pass your thoughts into there Gin?  if no discord?

\[2024/12/15 10:30\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): we'll know soon then!

\[2024/12/15 10:30\]  iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): 10:31am now

\[2024/12/15 10:31\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Any motion to adjourn?

\[2024/12/15 10:31\]  Gin (GinHama): Will chat Huntress

\[2024/12/15 10:31\]  Huntress Catteneo: np

\[2024/12/15 10:31\]  Suzie (SavannahSuzie): motion to adjourn

\[2024/12/15 10:31\]  Bar Tenk: yup   third

\[2024/12/15 10:32\]  Gin (GinHama): 2nd

\[2024/12/15 10:32\]  ღ Lïlÿ Vøn ℳᴀɢɪcღ (LilyVonSchtupp): Meeting adjourned at 10:32 am

