# Burn2 Planning Meeting
## Sunday 17 November 2024
### Deep Hole

## ATTENDING
Ural Arado
iSkye Silvercloud
Lily Von Magic
Huntress Catteneo
Bar Tenk
Leondra Larsson
Zoren Manray
3V
freia

[2024/11/17 09:01] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): okies. I am chairing this morning. we'll get going
[2024/11/17 09:01] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): start with Ground rules?
[2024/11/17 09:01] Leondra Larsson: ðŸ˜ƒ
[2024/11/17 09:01] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: GROUND RULES FOR BURN2 MEETINGS
[2024/11/17 09:02] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: â€¢ Participation in Burn2 is entirely voluntary. Please consider carefully if you want to participate and follow the 10 Principles.
[2024/11/17 09:02] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: â€¢ All of us, Burners and Leads, have a right to expect respectful dialogue and discussion at meetings in accordance with our CoE.
[2024/11/17 09:02] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: Everyone is entitled to a voice and opinion, but nobody has the right to abuse others and make demands.
[2024/11/17 09:02] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: â€¢ Anyone who attempts to hijack a meeting, or resorts to negative accusations and insults at others will be warned once by the meeting chair.
[2024/11/17 09:02] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: If they refuse to stop and continue that behaviour, at the request of the meeting chair they are liable for ejection from the meeting so the rest of us can get on with business.
[2024/11/17 09:02] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: 1. We follow an agenda at each meeting.
[2024/11/17 09:02] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: Prior to meetings we can add agenda items to the spreadsheet found at: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bNQvuCdSkJe\_stP6fEkXxGP4O6f74BB3cELyVqFykNo/edit?usp=sharing
[2024/11/17 09:02] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: Just find the tab at the bottom for the current month & day of week.
[2024/11/17 09:03] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: If available, a link to the notes from the previous week's meeting can be found in the first column of that sheet.
[2024/11/17 09:03] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: At the beginning of each meeting, there will be opportunity to add anything that needs to be discussed, to the agenda.
[2024/11/17 09:03] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: Once we agree to start the meeting, NO MORE ITEMS should be added to the agenda for the current meeting.
[2024/11/17 09:03] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: 2. We take turns.
[2024/11/17 09:03] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: Meetings are conducted in text.
[2024/11/17 09:03] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: NOTE: local chat is recorded by notetakers at meetings, and is often shared between Burn2 leads for informational purposes.
[2024/11/17 09:03] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: If you wish, you can IM the notetaker and ask for your name to be redacted from your comments on meeting notes.
[2024/11/17 09:03] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: Topic discussions can flow freely, but if chat gets too fast or heated, the moderator for the meeting may ask that we slow down.
[2024/11/17 09:03] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: 3. If things get out of control:
[2024/11/17 09:03] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: We will ask everyone to slow down, and do this:
[2024/11/17 09:03] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: a. Use COMMENT or QUESTION in local chat when you would like to say something or ask a question.
[2024/11/17 09:03] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: b. Please wait to be called on so everyone gets a turn.
[2024/11/17 09:04] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: PLEASE be respectful and considerate of your fellow Burners.
[2024/11/17 09:04] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: Insulting or inflammatory language is not part of the Ten Principles!
[2024/11/17 09:04] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: We have important things to talk about and decide, and limited time to do it.
[2024/11/17 09:04] LilyVonSchtupp Resident: THANK YOU for helping to have GREAT meetings!
[2024/11/17 09:04] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): these are the items on the agenda:
Events and themes for 2025 - Winter Burn
DMV Kit update and lessons learned
Octoburn Follow-up
Build workshop 29 November - Huntress
Winter Solstice Gathering 21 December - iSkye/freia
[2024/11/17 09:05] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): I believe the first item is iSKye
[2024/11/17 09:05] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): ðŸ˜ƒ
[2024/11/17 09:05] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Yes
[2024/11/17 09:05] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): last Thursday's meeting we talked about setting dates and themes for the 4 events in 2025
[2024/11/17 09:05] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and the Thursday committee wanted to concentrate on Winter Burn first
[2024/11/17 09:06] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so we had 2 dates proposed
[2024/11/17 09:06] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): 24-26 January, 31 January - 02 February
[2024/11/17 09:06] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): the Thursday night crew leaned more to the and of January weekend
[2024/11/17 09:07] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): end*
[2024/11/17 09:07] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): kind of bounced back and forth then settled on the 31st-2nd
[2024/11/17 09:07] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): MAjority leaned more toward 1/24 weekend
[2024/11/17 09:07] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): what?
[2024/11/17 09:07] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I thought they leaned to last weekend?
[2024/11/17 09:07] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): No
[2024/11/17 09:08] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok
[2024/11/17 09:08] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): we went back and forth but more people said they would prefer 1/24
[2024/11/17 09:08] Huntress Catteneo: would be in record of meeting
[2024/11/17 09:08] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): looking
[2024/11/17 09:09] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): yep. I remember at least 4 or 5 people preferring the 24th
[2024/11/17 09:09] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): what prompted the talk about dates and themes is that we got a direct email from BMP asking us about the dates for our events, particularly Winter Burn
[2024/11/17 09:09] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I said we could get that back to them by end of November and since 28th is Thanksgiving weekend, we'd like to get a decision on that before then and then get theme survey out
[2024/11/17 09:10] Zoren Manray: yeah I can confirm what lilly said is what happened
[2024/11/17 09:10] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so we hope that we can get that sorted by 21st
[2024/11/17 09:10] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and I'm looking at mine
[2024/11/17 09:10] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and seeing the same that the leaning was toward 24th weekend
[2024/11/17 09:10] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): my bad
[2024/11/17 09:10] Bar Tenk: Ah "direct email from BMP"... is that an indication of something?
[2024/11/17 09:11] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): they see us, yes
[2024/11/17 09:11] Bar Tenk: good then ðŸ˜ƒ
[2024/11/17 09:11] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so those of us who were not at the Thursday meeting: do you agree that the weekend of the 24th in January is a good choice for Winter Burn dates?
[2024/11/17 09:12] Leondra Larsson: sure
[2024/11/17 09:12] Bar Tenk: I'm good with either.... it's so soon .. still dusting off from Octo ðŸ˜›
[2024/11/17 09:12] Leondra Larsson: I'd like to see the playa used more, and that would bring in ppl for a couple weeks weeks prior
[2024/11/17 09:13] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): oh the agenda has some things in the works for December
[2024/11/17 09:13] Leondra Larsson: yes, I saw that:)
[2024/11/17 09:13] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and hopefully something in early January
[2024/11/17 09:13] Leondra Larsson: hopefully more pop-ups to come
[2024/11/17 09:14] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so 24th weekend in January for Winter Burn?
[2024/11/17 09:14] Huntress Catteneo: yep
[2024/11/17 09:14] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): anyone OPPOSED to that weekend?
[2024/11/17 09:14] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): Yes
[2024/11/17 09:14] Leondra Larsson: ok, by me
[2024/11/17 09:14] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): no not apoopsed
[2024/11/17 09:14] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok with me
[2024/11/17 09:14] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): opposed
[2024/11/17 09:14] Bar Tenk: fine for me
[2024/11/17 09:15] Zoren Manray: yep I said it sounded fine last thursday
[2024/11/17 09:15] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok, then I will do a survey for the theme so the community will have an opportunity to give in put
[2024/11/17 09:15] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): input*
[2024/11/17 09:15] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): Awesome. Can't wait to see the survey.
[2024/11/17 09:15] Zoren Manray: yeah we do need to get theme ideas ASAP .
[2024/11/17 09:15] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'll get that set up
[2024/11/17 09:15] Leondra Larsson: I already have one:)
[2024/11/17 09:15] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): and we will hopefully have those in by the meeting on the 21st
[2024/11/17 09:15] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so very quick
[2024/11/17 09:16] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): just a few days
[2024/11/17 09:16] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): then the Thursday and sunday planning committees can work on choosing one theme
[2024/11/17 09:16] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): some of the other ones may be good for the other events of the year, who knows
[2024/11/17 09:17] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that's it I'm done on that topic unless other questions or comments
[2024/11/17 09:17] Zoren Manray: yeah we certainly should reserve the good ideas for a chance a few times later on..
[2024/11/17 09:17] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): right
[2024/11/17 09:17] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): back to Lily
[2024/11/17 09:17] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): Next topic is DMV Kit update and lessons learned which is CUga
[2024/11/17 09:18] Brenden Chingseng: entered the region (82.28 m).
[2024/11/17 09:18] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): since Cuga is not here did you want to summarize what he covered Thursday, iSkye?
[2024/11/17 09:19] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok or you can
[2024/11/17 09:19] Brenden Chingseng: left the region.
[2024/11/17 09:19] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): Just that Cuga is coming out with a new DMV kit which more information will be sent out soon.
[2024/11/17 09:20] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): Anything else on DMV?
[2024/11/17 09:21] Zoren Manray: probably refer to the chat notes from last Thursday whenever theyget posted for more info?
[2024/11/17 09:21] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): nothing earth-shaking, he will likely talk more about that later
[2024/11/17 09:21] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): Next topic Octoburn Follow-up
[2024/11/17 09:22] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that was just that surveys to the community will be coming out soon and reports will be put together to send to BMP (ARRR)
[2024/11/17 09:22] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Jeff is formulating some questions that will help with reporting to BMP and each department may have questions they want to ask the community
[2024/11/17 09:22] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that will go out soon
[2024/11/17 09:23] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that's all about that for now
[2024/11/17 09:23] 3V: entered the region (2985.72 m).
[2024/11/17 09:23] Zoren Manray: yes good to keep that moving along so we can still have it mostly fresh in our minds
[2024/11/17 09:24] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): That is great
[2024/11/17 09:24] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): NExt Topic Build workshop 29 November - Huntress
[2024/11/17 09:24] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): The floor is yours Huntress. ðŸ˜ƒ
[2024/11/17 09:24] Huntress Catteneo: I am looking at a sort of a workshop build event designed to hopefully teach people in a fun way the ideas behind setting up for main events.
[2024/11/17 09:24] Leondra Larsson: hi, 3V!
[2024/11/17 09:25] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): hi sorry 2b late
[2024/11/17 09:25] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): Hi 3V ðŸ˜ƒ Welcome home.
[2024/11/17 09:25] Bar Tenk: Hi 3V
[2024/11/17 09:25] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): TY hi everyone pls continue
[2024/11/17 09:25] Huntress Catteneo: They will get a truck to load their materials on and can only use those things to build with, so they must have at least a rough plan for what to build. Items packed can be ones that 'extend' a bit but not outrageously so
[2024/11/17 09:26] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): That sounds fun
[2024/11/17 09:26] Huntress Catteneo: Once building is done, the community will be invited to a party to share the creativity, clean up (before NYE), maybe some burns (especially giving help to those that have never done before). Maybe party could tie with Christmas
[2024/11/17 09:27] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so this is to emulate the idea of how would we transport the builds we create, to the playa for an event?
[2024/11/17 09:27] Leondra Larsson: very cool idea
[2024/11/17 09:27] Huntress Catteneo: yes
[2024/11/17 09:27] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): That is a great idea. ðŸ˜ƒ
[2024/11/17 09:27] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): i like it
[2024/11/17 09:28] Huntress Catteneo: no pre build plonk down finished builds
[2024/11/17 09:28] Huntress Catteneo: have an example of a packed truck
[2024/11/17 09:28] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): sounds like great prep and practice to learn RL build
[2024/11/17 09:29] Huntress Catteneo: ok there on road
[2024/11/17 09:29] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): hopefully well strapped down lol
[2024/11/17 09:30] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): yeah make sure everything is tied down ðŸ˜ƒ
[2024/11/17 09:30] freia: entered the region (82.28 m).
[2024/11/17 09:30] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): looks before typing ðŸ˜„
[2024/11/17 09:30] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): yes....this is actually the type of truck that stuff can fly off and end up on the highway
[2024/11/17 09:31] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): and participants are also guilty of their loosely contained loads
[2024/11/17 09:31] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): WHen I was doing the TEmple Build, I had timbers on a flatbed truck and a crane
[2024/11/17 09:31] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): and a table saw
[2024/11/17 09:31] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): lol
[2024/11/17 09:31] freia (Freia Guillaume): nice touch!
[2024/11/17 09:31] Leondra Larsson: hi, freia!
[2024/11/17 09:31] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): do many of those going to BRC with camp structures, use a container on a flatbed?
[2024/11/17 09:31] Huntress Catteneo: main thing is work out what they are taking
[2024/11/17 09:31] Zoren Manray: yeah I in past years had a crane that did the man lift ðŸ˜ƒ
[2024/11/17 09:32] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): Nice, Zoren ðŸ˜ƒ
[2024/11/17 09:32] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): Hi Freia
[2024/11/17 09:32] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): right, Zoren
[2024/11/17 09:32] freia (Freia Guillaume): hi Lily
[2024/11/17 09:32] Bar Tenk: hi freia
[2024/11/17 09:32] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): containers are mosttly moved by shipping trucks
[2024/11/17 09:32] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): yes, Maowwrrlll..
[2024/11/17 09:32] Zoren Manray: there's actually a logistics network getting containers to BRC for the burn..
[2024/11/17 09:32] freia (Freia Guillaume): hey bar! and everyone else
[2024/11/17 09:32] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): hi Freia ðŸ˜„
[2024/11/17 09:33] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that's a lot of heavy lifting and a lot of expense
[2024/11/17 09:33] Zoren Manray: many camps have a container that is brought in from the storage site a couple weeks before and taken out a week later
[2024/11/17 09:33] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Huntress when would you want to do this?
[2024/11/17 09:33] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): yes, Maowwrrlll..
[2024/11/17 09:33] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): to zoren.
[2024/11/17 09:34] Huntress Catteneo: this is not designed to be crazy hard as that will deter, but to be a lot closer to real than many do now
[2024/11/17 09:34] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): its a fun challenge
[2024/11/17 09:34] Huntress Catteneo: hopefully
[2024/11/17 09:34] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): to plan how your art breaks down and packs
[2024/11/17 09:35] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): very important in designing
[2024/11/17 09:35] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): the before and after
[2024/11/17 09:35] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): Good event to show how to pack it in and pack it out
[2024/11/17 09:35] Huntress Catteneo: basically looking at promo immediately and get started next weekend
[2024/11/17 09:35] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok
[2024/11/17 09:36] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so the 22nd, that weekend or 29th?
[2024/11/17 09:36] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): 29th gives more time for promo
[2024/11/17 09:36] Huntress Catteneo: 29th
[2024/11/17 09:36] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok
[2024/11/17 09:36] Zoren Manray: yeah good for a few weeks notice
[2024/11/17 09:36] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that's the 29th of November, right?
[2024/11/17 09:36] Huntress Catteneo: yes
[2024/11/17 09:37] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): start time? (doing calendar)
[2024/11/17 09:37] Huntress Catteneo: they will need help to load
[2024/11/17 09:37] freia (Freia Guillaume): this sounds very interesting will need to read the meeting notes...
[2024/11/17 09:37] Huntress Catteneo: 5pm, when ppl finish work?
[2024/11/17 09:38] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok do you have a name for this and is this for the weekend?
[2024/11/17 09:38] Huntress Catteneo: no lol suggestions welcome
[2024/11/17 09:38] Zoren Manray: heh could be called "LILO"
[2024/11/17 09:38] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): what shall we call it?
[2024/11/17 09:38] Zoren Manray: Load in Load out
[2024/11/17 09:38] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ha! Load In, Load Out
[2024/11/17 09:38] freia (Freia Guillaume): nice
[2024/11/17 09:38] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): CAll it the Burn2 Pack-in Build Funfest
[2024/11/17 09:39] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): lol
[2024/11/17 09:39] Zoren Manray: yeah a pretty standard event logistics term ðŸ˜ƒ
[2024/11/17 09:39] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): LNT 101
[2024/11/17 09:39] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): LILO Funfest
[2024/11/17 09:39] Huntress Catteneo: truck'in good time
[2024/11/17 09:39] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): it IS a good way to prompt about Leaving No Trace
[2024/11/17 09:39] Zoren Manray: hah Hundress that's also a good one
[2024/11/17 09:40] Huntress Catteneo: keeping it real?
[2024/11/17 09:40] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): YEah tired of skinning my shins on rebar that was left behind
[2024/11/17 09:40] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): lol
[2024/11/17 09:40] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): uh huh
[2024/11/17 09:40] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Truck In, Truck Out?
[2024/11/17 09:41] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): TITO lol
[2024/11/17 09:41] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): We could film a video and use the song COnvoy
[2024/11/17 09:41] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): lol
[2024/11/17 09:41] Leondra Larsson: ðŸ˜ƒ
[2024/11/17 09:41] Zoren Manray: TITO haha ðŸ˜›
[2024/11/17 09:41] Huntress Catteneo: copyright?
[2024/11/17 09:42] Huntress Catteneo: I am offering to take snaps at various stages for people and us
[2024/11/17 09:42] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that sounds fun
[2024/11/17 09:42] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): well I still need a name for the calendar
[2024/11/17 09:42] Zoren Manray: ðŸŽ¶East bound and down, loaded up and truckin'
We gonna do what they say can't be done
We've got a long way to go and a short time to get there
I'm east bound, just watch ol' Bandit runðŸŽ¶
[2024/11/17 09:42] Huntress Catteneo: show progression for ppl to see in other events
[2024/11/17 09:43] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): love that theme Zoren .....Smokey & The Bandit
[2024/11/17 09:43] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): ðŸ˜„
[2024/11/17 09:43] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): haha
[2024/11/17 09:43] Zoren Manray: yeah east bound and down
[2024/11/17 09:43] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): I love SMokey and the Bandit
[2024/11/17 09:43] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): the song has fallen into my life this year
[2024/11/17 09:43] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): haahah
[2024/11/17 09:43] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so...name?
[2024/11/17 09:44] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): Lilo or Tito or Jermaine (Jackson 5 joke)
[2024/11/17 09:44] Huntress Catteneo: look back guys, of those mentioned what do you like?
[2024/11/17 09:45] Zoren Manray: truck'in good time was a fun name too
[2024/11/17 09:45] freia (Freia Guillaume): the idea of pack it in and pack it out- kind of thing
[2024/11/17 09:45] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I like Truck In, Truck Out as it's a play on LILO plus gives a mental image of what this is about ... truck
[2024/11/17 09:45] Huntress Catteneo: I think a couple said Truck In Truck out
[2024/11/17 09:45] freia (Freia Guillaume): yes agree
[2024/11/17 09:45] Zoren Manray: or "truck'in up the place"
[2024/11/17 09:45] freia (Freia Guillaume): hehe
[2024/11/17 09:45] Huntress Catteneo: ok TITO
[2024/11/17 09:45] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Truck In Truck Out?
[2024/11/17 09:46] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): Or Get the Truck Out
[2024/11/17 09:46] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): Hehe
[2024/11/17 09:46] freia (Freia Guillaume): haha
[2024/11/17 09:46] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): lol
[2024/11/17 09:46] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ahh that's good Lily
[2024/11/17 09:46] Zoren Manray: oh GTO
[2024/11/17 09:46] Huntress Catteneo: truck in truck out going with I think
[2024/11/17 09:46] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Huntress what time Sunday you want it to end?
[2024/11/17 09:46] Leondra Larsson: ðŸ˜ƒ TC, and CYA, Zoren
[2024/11/17 09:46] Huntress Catteneo: shall add that to poster
[2024/11/17 09:47] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'm assuming the weekend not one evening?
[2024/11/17 09:47] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): up to you of course
[2024/11/17 09:47] Huntress Catteneo: longer, they need time to work ot what the hell taking, then buildm then party
[2024/11/17 09:48] Zoren Manray: could be a weekend camp thing..
[2024/11/17 09:48] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): Yeah. And I can DJ for part of it if you need me to
[2024/11/17 09:48] Huntress Catteneo: hardest for them will be what do we take
[2024/11/17 09:48] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so starting when, ending when? (calendar is wanting that info)
[2024/11/17 09:49] Huntress Catteneo: that would be ghreat Lily
[2024/11/17 09:50] valiontenes: entered the region (82.26 m).
[2024/11/17 09:50] valiontenes: left the region.
[2024/11/17 09:50] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): We'll work out the times. Maybe burn something while we are at it ðŸ˜ƒ
[2024/11/17 09:51] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): still asking start date/time and end date/time so I can get this on the calendar
[2024/11/17 09:51] Huntress Catteneo: I would like it though a good part of Dec even ththough a "ligh": event, they will find this harder than expected
[2024/11/17 09:51] Huntress Catteneo: you have start date
[2024/11/17 09:51] Huntress Catteneo: 29th
[2024/11/17 09:51] Huntress Catteneo: Nov
[2024/11/17 09:51] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok 29th 5pm
[2024/11/17 09:52] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'll make it 5 til midnight that night and then in description include this will actually be an open thing through December
[2024/11/17 09:52] Huntress Catteneo: alows lots of time to cry
[2024/11/17 09:52] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): so builds in progress can be seen and people can work on what they want to pack in their trucks
[2024/11/17 09:52] Huntress Catteneo: can't run back home for a 2 x 4
[2024/11/17 09:52] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok
[2024/11/17 09:53] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): this should be fun
[2024/11/17 09:53] Huntress Catteneo: no idea how many will find interesting
[2024/11/17 09:53] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): I think it is something different and I think it would be fun
[2024/11/17 09:54] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): and interesting
[2024/11/17 09:54] Huntress Catteneo: I just hope it helps them have better idea of reality
[2024/11/17 09:55] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): not a bad idea to show that RL burn is hard work ðŸ˜ƒ
[2024/11/17 09:55] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I like that part of it.
[2024/11/17 09:55] Huntress Catteneo: ok done
[2024/11/17 09:55] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): Thanks, HUntress ðŸ˜ƒ
[2024/11/17 09:55] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): Okay next topic Winter Solstice Gathering 21 December - iSkye/freia
[2024/11/17 09:55] Leondra Larsson: It is also Thanksgiving Weekend for those in the US, not sure if my company would still be around:)
[2024/11/17 09:55] Zoren Manray: well Huntress I will say in RL someone "can" run back to reno for more items.. it's just a hassle.. costs a fee, and takes a day
[2024/11/17 09:56] Leondra Larsson: but great idea
[2024/11/17 09:56] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I would imagine folks can join in after they come back from that weekend
[2024/11/17 09:56] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): there's no race or deadline to join in, is there?
[2024/11/17 09:56] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): it's up on the calendar now
[2024/11/17 09:56] Huntress Catteneo: no
[2024/11/17 09:57] Huntress Catteneo: does not have to be the start day
[2024/11/17 09:57] JohnHenry Ames: entered the region (79.05 m).
[2024/11/17 09:57] Leondra Larsson: oh, good
[2024/11/17 09:57] Zoren Manray: yeah that's realism too, many roll in whenever at BRC ðŸ˜ƒ
[2024/11/17 09:58] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): https://www.burn2.org/event-calendar/
[2024/11/17 09:59] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): may take a bit to show up
[2024/11/17 09:59] Huntress Catteneo: ok
[2024/11/17 09:59] Leondra Larsson: ok
[2024/11/17 10:00] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): I see one thing on calendar that may need updating. Thursday planning for 28th is Thanksgiving Day. Don't think people will feel like meeting with a turkey hangover
[2024/11/17 10:00] freia (Freia Guillaume): haha
[2024/11/17 10:01] Zoren Manray: yeah that would probably have a low turnout.. ðŸ˜†
[2024/11/17 10:01] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): that will be updated now
[2024/11/17 10:01] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'm with family that whole day
[2024/11/17 10:01] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): Sunday morning too?
[2024/11/17 10:02] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): some have post-Tday cleanup, travel home etc.
[2024/11/17 10:02] freia (Freia Guillaume): yes- may depend upon someone being able to chair the meeting
[2024/11/17 10:03] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): yeah. people traveling during holidays,
[2024/11/17 10:03] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'm good with cancelling for Sunday too
[2024/11/17 10:03] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): 1st of December
[2024/11/17 10:03] Leondra Larsson: me, too
[2024/11/17 10:03] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): me too
[2024/11/17 10:04] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): ok done
[2024/11/17 10:04] JohnHenry Ames: left the region.
[2024/11/17 10:05] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): okay. last item Winter Solstice Gathering 21 December - iSkye/freia
[2024/11/17 10:05] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): I'll defer to freia - she's the one pulling it all together
[2024/11/17 10:05] freia (Freia Guillaume): ok
[2024/11/17 10:05] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): You have the floor Freia ðŸ˜ƒ
[2024/11/17 10:05] iSkye Silvercloud (iSkye Silverweb): hence her hard hat ðŸ˜‰
[2024/11/17 10:05] freia (Freia Guillaume): well, this is sponsorec by the Lamplighters, as we usually do
[2024/11/17 10:05] freia (Freia Guillaume): hehe
[2024/11/17 10:06] freia (Freia Guillaume): sWinter Solstice for the Northern Hemipshere is the 21st
[2024/11/17 10:06] freia (Freia Guillaume): we will set out a vairety of things- undecided what as yet but mostly a place to mediate, renew, etc- maybe some activities, possibly aBURN
[2024/11/17 10:06] freia (Freia Guillaume): a few of us are meeting today to talk about some of this
[2024/11/17 10:07] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): meditate sounds nice
[2024/11/17 10:07] freia (Freia Guillaume): noon- midnight- I beleive we decided
[2024/11/17 10:07] Æ¦Ã¸Æ¦Ã¸: entered the region (82.28 m).
[2024/11/17 10:07] Æ¦Ã¸Æ¦Ã¸: left the region.
[2024/11/17 10:07] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): Good chance to recharge ourselves
[2024/11/17 10:08] freia (Freia Guillaume): traditionally it is a time for reflection so mediatation seems an appropriate thing
[2024/11/17 10:08] freia (Freia Guillaume): yes exactly
[2024/11/17 10:08] 3V (3vilyn Vortex): i see candles
[2024/11/17 10:08] freia (Freia Guillaume): yes I always put out lots of candles
[2024/11/17 10:08] freia (Freia Guillaume): dark playa
[2024/11/17 10:08] freia (Freia Guillaume): any questions?
[2024/11/17 10:08] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): I have candle paths if needed
[2024/11/17 10:09] freia (Freia Guillaume): thanks might be nice
[2024/11/17 10:09] freia (Freia Guillaume): and of course the Lamplighters do this for the entire community so please come
[2024/11/17 10:09] Zoren Manray: sounds like a good plan. good to keep that tradition alive
[2024/11/17 10:09] freia (Freia Guillaume): playa will be set up and open to all for 12 hrs
[2024/11/17 10:11] freia (Freia Guillaume): thats all if no questions
[2024/11/17 10:11] freia (Freia Guillaume): and its VERy quiet
[2024/11/17 10:11] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): ðŸ˜ƒ
[2024/11/17 10:11] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): Any other questions? Or a call to adjourn?
[2024/11/17 10:11] freia (Freia Guillaume): motion to adjourn
[2024/11/17 10:11] Zoren Manray: well dodn't take the quiet as a negative.. many of us have been here previous winters.. the solstace is allways nice
[2024/11/17 10:12] Zoren Manray: seccond
[2024/11/17 10:12] freia (Freia Guillaume): thx zoren
[2024/11/17 10:12] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): Meeting adjourned at 10:12am
[2024/11/17 10:12] áƒ¦ LÃ¯lÃ¿ VÃ¸n â„³á´€É¢Éªcáƒ¦ (LilyVonSchtupp): Thanks everyone for a great meeting.
