2024-05-01 13:23:05 note card

---

==================================================================
Intro.
==================================================================


==================================================================
Take Aways:
==================================================================
After I had shown all the meeting logs to the Gpt I then asked it some questions.
Mostly to corroborate things that people seem to have hazy memories on having happened.
Also I wanted to see how obvious things that I felt were. I will let you draw your own conclusions.

􀀘

That being said, I will include a notecard at the end addressing my opinions on the matter.

==================================================================
Meeting Summaries:
==================================================================

April 4, 2024 (Thursday):
Chair: Cuga Rajal chaired the meeting.
Attendees: iSkye Silverweb, Lily Von Magic, Huntress Catteneo, Cuga Rajal, Talia Tokugawa, Gin, Indy, Miranda, XiledSol, Jeff Olhoeft, Lyric, Magi, and Freia.
Key Discussions:
Survey Team: Lyric announced the formation of a Radical Inclusion Survey Team (RIST) to create a survey for Burn2 participants.
AI Burner Assistant: XiledSol discussed the project led by Puddles, inviting feedback to improve its training data.
Movie Night: Gin proposed a monthly movie night, with Miranda offering assistance.
Burn2 Departments and Structure: Talia requested an organizational chart, leading to discussions about Burn2's non-hierarchical structure.
SL21B: iSkye informed the group about SL21B exhibitor applications, themed "Elements," and discussed forming a Burn2 team.
Additional Discussions: Included preparations for a Saturday party, volunteer roles, and general community engagement.
Adjournment: The meeting concluded at 10:26 PM SLT.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
April 7, 2024 (Sunday):
Chair: Gin chaired the meeting.
Attendees: iSkye Silverweb, Lily Von Magic, Gin, Lyric, and Miranda.
Key Discussions:
RIST: Lyric updated the team on the survey progress.
SL21B: Gin mentioned the team's build progress, and Lyric proposed a new design for the plot.
Community Engagement: The meeting stressed the need for volunteers to contribute to various ongoing projects.
Adjournment: The meeting adjourned at 9:18 PM.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
April 11, 2024 (Thursday):
Chair: XiledSol chaired the meeting.
Attendees: iSkye Silverweb, Lily Von Magic, Gin, XiledSol, Cuga Rajal, Indy, Magi, Lyric, Jeff Olhoeft, Miranda, Huntress Catteneo, and Zoren Manray.
Key Discussions:
Welcome Hub Build: iSkye provided an update on the build, discussing its design and progress.
Movie Night: Gin proposed a screening of The Goonies with a pirate theme on April 23, at 6 PM SLT.
SL21B: Gin mentioned working on the application, requesting help to complete the team.
RIST: Lyric provided an update on the survey team's activities, mentioning their weekly meetings.
Adjournment: The meeting adjourned at 9:46 PM.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
April 14, 2024 (Sunday):
Chair: iSkye Silverweb chaired the meeting.
Attendees: iSkye Silverweb, Lily Von Magic, Gin, Lyric, and Miranda.
Key Discussions:
RIST: Lyric provided another update on the survey team's progress.
SL21B: The group discussed the team's build progress and design.
Community Engagement: The meeting emphasized volunteer roles and community participation.
Adjournment: The meeting adjourned at 9:20 PM.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
April 18, 2024 (Thursday):
Chair: XiledSol chaired the meeting.
Attendees: iSkye Silverweb, Lily Von Magic, Gin, XiledSol, Indy, Miranda, and Lyric.
Key Discussions:
RIST: Lyric provided another update on the survey team's progress.
Movie Night: Reviewed the success of April 23's screening of The Goonies.
SL21B: The group reviewed progress on the application and build.
Community Engagement: Discussed general volunteer roles and other activities.
Adjournment: The meeting adjourned at 9:22 PM.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
April 21, 2024 (Sunday):
Chair: iSkye Silverweb chaired the meeting.
Attendees: iSkye Silverweb, Lily Von Magic, Gin, Lyric, and Miranda.
Key Discussions:
RIST: Lyric provided an update, mentioning progress and timelines.
SL21B: The team reviewed progress on the exhibit and design, suggesting further steps.
Upcoming Events: Mentioned volunteer activities and planning for future meetings.
Adjournment: The meeting adjourned at 9:20 PM.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
April 25, 2024 (Thursday):
Chair: iSkye Silverweb chaired the meeting.
Attendees: iSkye Silverweb, Lily Von Magic, Gin, Lyric, XiledSol, Indy, and Miranda.
Key Discussions:
RIST: Lyric provided an update, mentioning progress and timelines.
Movie Night: Reviewed the success of April 23's The Goonies screening.
SL21B: Discussed the team's build progress and further steps.
Upcoming Events: Mentioned volunteer activities and planning for future meetings.
Adjournment: The meeting adjourned at 9:22 PM.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
April 28, 2024 (Sunday):
Chair: Gin chaired the meeting.
Attendees: iSkye Silverweb, Lily Von Magic, Gin, Lyric, and Miranda.
Key Discussions:
RIST: Lyric provided another update, discussing timelines and progress.
SL21B: Reviewed the progress of the build and suggestions for improvements.
Community Engagement: The meeting emphasized the need for volunteers and participation in future projects.
Adjournment: The meeting adjourned at 9:19 PM.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Common Themes and Outcomes:
Survey Team: Lyric consistently provided updates on RIST's progress, emphasizing the need for community engagement and support.
SL21B: The team discussed progress on the SL21B exhibit, emphasizing timely submissions and planning.
Movie Night: Gin led discussions on this initiative, successfully hosting The Goonies screening, and receiving positive feedback from attendees.
Volunteer Engagement: The meetings stressed the importance of community involvement, offering updates on various projects and inviting contributions.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Conclusion:
The Burn2 Planning Meetings for April 2024 maintained a consistent focus on community engagement, transparency, and collaboration. The discussions covered the formation of RIST, movie night initiatives, SL21B preparations, and volunteer roles, contributing to the overall success of Burn2 events and fostering a cohesive, engaged community. The meetings concluded with plans for continued engagement and progress on these topics.


==================================================================
Meeting Summaries:  􀀑 (These were generated for each meet)
==================================================================

==================================================================
Full Transcript of conversation with GPT:
==================================================================
􀀒
􀀓
􀀔
􀀕
􀀖
􀀗


==================================================================
Conclusion:
==================================================================
To address concerns and improve the effectiveness of meetings in the current setup, where discussion points are submitted via a Google form and then reviewed by leads, consider the following suggestions:

* Increased Transparency: Make the process of selecting discussion points more transparent. Leads could share summaries of their discussions and explain the rationale behind which points make it to the agenda. This will help participants understand why certain issues are prioritized and others are not.

* Community Involvement: Create a mechanism for the community to express opinions on which topics are important to them. For instance, consider incorporating a voting system that allows community members to rank discussion points, or an open forum where they can comment and provide feedback.

* Meeting Structure: Ensure meetings have a clear structure and time limits for each agenda item. This helps prevent meetings from becoming overly lengthy and gives everyone a chance to voice their concerns.

* Follow-Up Actions: Assign specific follow-up actions to leads or designated members after each meeting to ensure progress on discussed issues. These actions should be reported back to the community at subsequent meetings or through periodic updates.

*Dedicated Team: Consider establishing a team specifically tasked with managing meeting agendas, community feedback, and transparency. This team could work alongside leads, providing a bridge between community members and the leadership group.

By implementing these suggestions, the meeting process can become more transparent, inclusive, and structured, which may alleviate some of the tension and improve the quality of dialogue and decision-making.


==================================================================
Talia Thoughts:
==================================================================
